           Form version date December 2023 Subscription Services Agreement This Subscription Services Agreement (this “Agreement”) is dated as of August 29, 2024, between OfficeSpace Software Inc., a Delaware corporation (“OfficeSpace”), and Brookfield HRS TS LLC (“Customer”). It is effective as of the date the last party signs below. 1. WORKPLACE MANAGEMENT SOFTWARE SERVICE. Subject to this Agreement, OfficeSpace provides Customer and its Affiliates access to and use of the workplace management software service (the “Service”) specified on the applicable order form(s) (each, an “Order”) as further described in the online help documentation (https://support.officespacesoftware.com/) (the “Documentation”). 2. USE OF SERVICE. a. Customer Owned Data. All data, content, reports or other materials uploaded or otherwise provided by or on behalf of Customer or its Affiliates or generated from the Service (“Customer Data”) remains the sole property of Customer, as between OfficeSpace and Customer. Customer grants OfficeSpace the right to use the Customer Data solely for purposes of providing the Service and performing under this Agreement. During the term of this Agreement and for one (1) month thereafter, Customer may export its Customer Data as specified within the Service, or OfficeSpace will provide Customer Data to Customer upon Customer’s reasonable request. All tangible or intangible property developed or prepared uniquely for Customer during the term of this Agreement, including, but not limited to, plans, data, content, and any other documents and/or materials, finished or unfinished, used or unused, prepared or provided by OfficeSpace in connection with this Agreement or the Services (collectively, “Deliverables”) is and will remain the exclusive property of Customer. Any Del iverables will be promptly remitted to Customer and deemed to be a “work made for hire” within the meaning of such term as used in the United States Copyright Act, and accordingly, all legal rights in and to the Deliverables including, but not limited to, copyright, will belong to Customer. OfficeSpace represents that (i) it does not use or process any Customer Data in any manner in connection with any tools, products or services that consist of, incorporate, train or otherwise leverage artificial intelligence (including but not limited to generative artificial intelligence) technologies, except only to perform its obligations hereunder, (ii) if, in the future, OfficeSpace desires to leverage AI in such a manner, OfficeSpace will obtain Customer’s prior written approval of such use, and (iii) it will not disclose any Customer Data to any third party except as necessary to perform the Services, and any such third parties would be bound by confidentiality and data usage obligations no less restrictive than those imposed on OfficeSpace under this Agreement. b. Contractor Access and Usage. Customer may allow its and its Affiliates’ personnel, contractors and vendors (“Authorized Users”) to access and use the Service in compliance with the terms of this Agreement so long as such access is for the sole benefit of Customer or its Affiliates. Customer is responsible for the compliance with this Agreement by its Authorized Users and shall be responsible for any breach of this Agreement by its Authorized Users as if committed by Customer. c. Customer Responsibilities. Customer (i) must keep its access credentials secure and confidential; (ii) is solely responsible for Customer Data, including its content and use, and all activity in its account in the Service by its Authorized Users; (iii) must notify OfficeSpace promptly of any unauthorized access to its account or credentials; (iv) may use the Service only in accordance with this Agreement and applicable law, and the Documentation; (v) must reasonably cooperate with OfficeSpace and provide information reasonably requested by OfficeSpace to permit OfficeSpace to provide and maintain the Service for Customer’s use in accordance with this Agreement; and (vi) must maintain operating systems and applications installed on Customer’s systems to ensure that Customer’s systems remain compatible with the Service. d. Changes. OfficeSpace regularly updates the Services and reserves the right to add and/or substitute functionally equivalent features in the event of product unavailability, end-of-life, or changes to software requirements, provided such updates do not result in a degradation to the Services or functionality or security thereto. OfficeSpace will notify Customer in writing within a reasonable period of time prior to of any material change to of a product. e. OfficeSpace Support. OfficeSpace provides customer support for the Service as described in OfficeSpace’s Customer Support Policy, which may be amended from time to time in OfficeSpace’s reasonable discretion, but in no event with a degradation of . A copy of OfficeSpace’s current Customer Support Policy is maintained at https://www.officespacesoftware.com/oss- service client-support-policy/ and attached hereto as Schedule A. f. Affiliate Access Use; Affiliate Orders. Customer may allow its Affiliates to access the Service in compliance with the terms of this Agreement. Customer acknowledges and agrees that each Affiliate of Customer accessing the Service has been made aware of the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Customer is responsible for any breach of this Agreement by any Affiliate of Customer using the Services under the Order executed by Customer. If requested by Customer from time to time, OfficeSpace may enter into Orders directly with Customer Affiliates (each, an “Affiliate Order”) to provide services to such Customer Affiliate (the “Affiliate Services”) pursuant to and in accordance with this Agreement as if such Affiliate Services were Services provided directly to Customer hereunder. By executing an Affiliate Order, (a) Customer Affiliate will be bound by the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the applicable Affiliate Order with respect to the Affiliate Services , (b) any references in this Agreement to Customer will be deemed references solely to Customer Affiliate with respect to the Affiliate Services, (c) any rights and 1 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           obligations OfficeSpace has with respect to the Affiliate Services will relate only to Customer Affiliate and not Customer, and (d) Customer will be entitled to enforce rights or remedies under this Agreement in connection with the Affiliate Services as if such Affiliate Services were Services hereunder on behalf of Customer Affiliate or, with Customer’s prior consent, Customer Affiliate may enforce such rights and remedies on its own behalf. Customer will have no liability or obligations to OfficeSpace or Customer Affiliate (including, without limitation, any compliance, financial, legal or regulatory requirements) in connection with such Affiliate Order or the Affiliate Services. The Affiliate Services will be included in any volume discounts, volume-based credits or other similar calculations made under this Agreement. Except as expressly provided in an Affiliate Order, this Agreement will not be interpreted to create liability or obligations for Customer Affiliates to OfficeSpace or any other third party. Upon execution of any Affiliate Order, or any amendments, modifications or supplements thereto, OfficeSpace will promptly provide a copy thereof to Customer upon written request of Customer or Customer Affiliate . “Affiliate” means an entity that a party, directly or indirectly, controls, an entity that controls a party or an entity that is under common control with a party. For purposes of this provision, control means (a) ownership of at least fifty percent (50%) of the outstanding voting shares, equity or beneficial interest of the entity; or (b) the right to vote for or appoint a majority of the board of directors or other governing body of the entity; or (c) the direct or indirect power to direct the management or policies of the entity; or (d) effective control over the entity’s management or operations through voting securities, joint venture, contract, agency or otherwise, and any successor in interest to the above; and for Customer, shall also include any other entity deemed and requested by Customer to be an “Affiliate” and be subject to this Agreement by entering into an Order . g. No Minimum Commitment. OfficeSpace acknowledges and agrees that, outside of commitments mutually agreed to in any Order Form by Customer or any Customer Affiliate, Customer will not be obligated to purchase any quantity or volume of Services or to guarantee compensation to OfficeSpace under this Agreement. OfficeSpace acknowledges and agrees that it has conducted its own due diligence prior to entry into this Agreement and that it is aware that historic information with respect to the Services may not be representative of the future nature, timing, quality, quantity or volume of Services that will be required by Customer. Any reduction in the volume of the Services will only apply upon the renewal or expiration of the Order Form then in effect and cannot occur during an active term. 3. REPRESENTATIONS; WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER. a. OfficeSpace represents, covenants and warrants that (i) the Service will operate in conformity with this Agreement, any Order or as mutually agreed to by the parties in writing , and (ii) when used as and the Documentation during the subscription term permitted under this Agreement or the applicable Order, the Service and any related software or Deliverables do not and will not infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate the intellectual property rights of any person or entity. In the event of a breach of either of the foregoing warranties, OfficeSpace will use commercially reasonable efforts to correct the reported non-conformity and/or breach, at no charge to Customer, or if OfficeSpace is unable to do so within a reasonable period, not to exceed thirty (30) days, Customer may terminate the applicable Order, this Agreement, or any of the Services in whole or in part, and Customer will receive a pro-rata refund of any unearned fees that Customer has pre-paid for the Service. b. OfficeSpace further represents, covenants and warrants that (i) it will not intentionally insert into the Services, any software, data or Deliverable, any viruses, worms, time bombs, time lock, clock, back door, Trojan horses and other malicious code, files, scripts, agents or programs, disabling device, or other code, routine or instruction which tends to destroy, corrupt or disable software, data or systems or allow unauthorized access (“Disabling Code”); (ii) the Services, systems and any other Deliverables provided hereunder, data and electronic communications delivered or transmitted to Customer or its Affiliates or input into any systems used by Customer or its Affiliates will be tested for Disabling Code in accordance with industry practice and any detected Disabling Code will be promptly removed; (iii) no freeware, shareware is incorporated in the Service, system or any software except as otherwise expressly provided herein; (iv) the Services will be performed and the Deliverables provided by it with due care, skill and diligence in accordance with industry practice and in compliance with applicable law; and (v) its personnel providing any portion of the Services will: (a) be properly educated, trained and fully qualified for the Services they are to perform hereunder, (b) will comply with all applicable laws and industry standards, as well as OfficeSpace’s internal policies, which includes, without limitation, requirements relating to ethics and confidentiality, and (c) have undergone industry-standard and regional-standard background checks pursuant to internal OfficeSpace policy. c. EXCEPT AS PROVIDED IN SUBSECTION (A) ABOVE OR OTHERWISE SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT OR THE DISCLAIMS ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, APPLICABLE ORDER, THE SERVICE IS PROVIDED "AS IS." OFFICESPACE INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, AND ALL WARRANTIES ARISING FROM COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE, OR TRADE PRACTICE. WITHOUT LIMITING THE FOREGOING, OFFICESPACE MAKES NO WARRANTY OF ANY KIND THAT THE SERVICE OR RESULTS OF THE USE THEREOF WILL MEET CUSTOMER'S OR ANY OTHER PERSON'S REQUIREMENTS, OPERATE WITHOUT INTERRUPTION, ACHIEVE ANY INTENDED RESULT, BE COMPATIBLE OR WORK WITH ANY SOFTWARE, SYSTEM, OR OTHER SERVICES, OR BE SECURE, ACCURATE, COMPLETE, FREE OF HARMFUL CODE, OR ERROR FREE. WHILE OFFICESPACE TAKES REASONABLE PHYSICAL, TECHNICAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE MEASURES TO SECURE THE SERVICE, OFFICESPACE DOES NOT GUARANTEE THAT THE SERVICE CANNOT BE COMPROMISED. 4. PAYMENT. Unless otherwise set forth in the applicable Order, Customer must pay all undisputed fees as specified on the Order, either directly or through an identified reseller designated by Customer in writing at the time of execution of the applicable Order. If not otherwise specified in the Order, then payment in US Dollars is due within 30 days of receipt of an invoice. Customer is responsible for the payment of all applicable sales, use, withholding, VAT and other similar taxes, but not taxes based on 2 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           OfficeSpace’s income, personal property taxes, any franchise taxes, any other similar taxes imposed upon OfficeSpace, and any fees or penalties imposed upon OfficeSpace due to its failure to timely pay any taxes due (which are not the result of a failure by Customer to timely pay). No additional fees or charges shall apply unless agreed in writing by both parties. If Customer, in good faith, disputes any invoice, in whole or in part, prior to the applicable payment due date, Customer must notify OfficeSpace of the dispute, including sufficient detail of the nature of the claim, the amount, the relevant invoices, and information allowing OfficeSpace to identify the affected portion of the Service. Customer may withhold payment of the disputed amount until settlement. Upon resolution of a dispute, Customer will promptly pay to OfficeSpace such amounts as are due and payable. OfficeSpace reserves the right to, upon written notice to Customer, suspend access to the Service if Customer fails to pay any undisputed amounts owed for more than thirty (30) days after the invoice date and if such failure continues for ten (10) days after written notice to Customer will remain in effect for so long as Customer has any outstanding balance that such amount is past due. Any such suspension due for over thirty (30) days. 5. CONFIDENTIALITY; SECURITY. a. Definition of Confidential Information. Confidential Information means all non-public information disclosed by or on behalf of a party or its affiliates (“Discloser”) to the other party (“Recipient”), whether orally or in writing, that is designated as confidential or that reasonably should be understood to be confidential given the nature of the information and the circumstances of disclosure (“Confidential Information”). OfficeSpace’s Confidential Information includes the Service and Documentation (including the Service user interface design and layout, and the fees payable by Customer). Customer’s Confidential any discussion or information relating to Information includes, without limitation, this Agreement, any Order, Customer Data, Customer, its Affiliates, investment funds and/or managed companies and their respective employees, officers, directors, shareholders, partners, members, managers, clients, investors, business, operations, properties, prospects, financial and economic information, vendors, contractors, consultants, agents, professional advisors, business plans, marketing plans, technology, software, technical manuals, designs, methodologies, policies, procedures, or actual or potential services, products, investments, transactions or other business affairs. b. Protection of Confidential Information. Recipient must use the same degree of care that it uses to protect the confidentiality of its own Confidential Information (but in any event at least reasonable care) not to disclose or use any Confidential Information of the Discloser for any purpose outside the scope of this Agreement. The Recipient must limit access to Discloser’s Confidential Information to those of its and its Affiliates’ respective partners, members, managers, directors, o fficers, employees, contractors, agents, representatives and advisors (collectively, the “Representatives”) who need such access for purposes consistent with this Agreement provided that, prior to the Recipient disclosing Confidential Information to its Representatives such have signed Representatives (A) are informed by the Recipient of the confidential nature of the Confidential Information, (B) confidentiality Agreements with Recipient or have a duty of confidentiality to Recipient no less restrictive than the confidentiality terms of this Agreement. Each party shall be responsible for its Representatives compliance with this Section 5. In the event that the Recipient reasonably believes that unauthorized access to, disclosure of, or breach in the security of Confidential Information has occurred, or if the Recipient is in any other way in material breach of this Section, the Recipient shall: (i) promptly notify the Discloser; (ii) promptly furnish to the Discloser all relevant details of such occurrence, including the details of the unauthorized access to, or possession, use or knowledge of Confidential Information, or attempt thereof; and (iii) reasonably assist the Discloser in investigating or preventing the recurrence of such occurrence. c. Exclusions. Confidential Information excludes information that: (i) is or becomes generally known to the public without breach of this Agreement or any obligation owed to Discloser, (ii) was known to the Recipient prior to its disclosure by the Discloser without an obligation of confidentiality, (iii) is received from a third party without restriction and without breach of any obligation owed to Discloser, or (iv) was independently developed by the Recipient, or who are otherwise bound by confidentiality obligations to Recipient, without use of or access to Discloser’s Confidential Information. Recipient may disclose Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable law or court order, but will, if permitted by law, provide Discloser with advance notice to seek a protective order. Personal data or other personally identifiable information will not be subject to the exclusions from Confidential Information set forth in the preceding sentence. d. Aggregated Data. OfficeSpace may monitor use of the Service by its customers generally and use the performance data gathered (including Customer Data) in a de-identified, aggregated and anonymous manner in order to improve the Service and OfficeSpace may use and publish such information, provided that such information does not for other commercial purposes. identify Customer, its Affiliates, Authorized Users, or any Customer Data or any of their respective Confidential Information in any way. For clarity, any data OfficeSpace will provide to third parties will only be in an aggregated, de-identified and anonymous manner such that Customer, its Affiliates, Authorized Users, the Customer Data or any of their respective Confidential Information is not identifiable in any way. OfficeSpace will not include identification of Customer or its Affiliates as a customer on OfficeSpace's e. Permitted Disclosures. website or in its marketing materials or otherwise use Customer’s or its Affiliates’ name, marks or other proprietary tradema rks in any public or promotional materials without Customer’s prior written consent, which may be withheld in its sole and absolute This provision will survive the expiration or early termination of this Agreement. discretion. f. Security and Safeguards Requirements. Throughout the term, OfficeSpace will provide the Services in accordance with (a) industry recognized information security framework(s) (e.g., Centre for Internet Security Critical Security Controls, NIST Cybersecurity Framework, ISO 27000); (b) CSA Cloud Security Guidance (if applicable); (c) Financial Conduct Authority’s Handbook (if applicable); and (d) The European Securities and Markets Authority’s Outsourcing to Cloud Provider Guidelines 3 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           (if applicable). OfficeSpace will implement and maintain an information security program that includes, without limitation, administrative, physical and technical safeguards to: (a) ensure the security and confidentiality of Customer Data and Services; (b) protect against any anticipated threats or hazards to the security or integrity of the Customer Data and Services; (c) protect against breach, loss, damage, unauthorized disclosure or access to or use of Customer Data; (d) ensure the proper disposal of Customer Data; and (e) ensure that all subcontractors of OfficeSpace, if any, comply with all of the foregoing. If OfficeSpace cannot comply with any of the requirements in this Section or if it becomes aware of, or reasonably suspects, that there has been any breach, loss, damage, unauthorized disclosure or access to or use of, or other security breach relating to any Customer hours): (a) communicate this Data (each, an “Incident”), OfficeSpace will promptly (but in any event within forty-eight (48) non-compliance and/or Incident in writing to Customer, including, without limitation, all relevant details of such Incident; (b) Customer in writing); and (c) cooperate and comply with all reasonable establish compensating controls (communicated to directions of Customer in relation to such event. Notwithstanding any other termination provisions in this Agreement, Customer may terminate this Agreement for cause and without liability if it determines that OfficeSpace has breached any provision of this Section. Any such termination will be effective immediately or at such other date specified in Customer’s notice of termination. 6. OFFICESPACE PROPERTY. a. Reservation of Rights. The software, workflow processes, user interface, designs, know-how, and other technologies provided and/or used by OfficeSpace to provide the Service are the proprietary property of OfficeSpace and its licensors, and all right, title and interest in and to such items, including all associated intellectual property rights, are retained by OfficeSpace. OfficeSpace reserves all rights unless expressly granted in this Agreement. Customer will not, and will not allow or assist any other entity to, (i) create derivative works of, modify, decompile, b. Restrictions. disassemble, or otherwise reverse engineer or attempt to discover any source code or underlying ideas of any component of the Service; (ii) sublicense, assign, transfer, distribute, rent or sell use or access to the Service (in whole or in part), (iii) remove, alter or obscure any product identification, copyright or other notices, (iv) probe, scan, or test the vulnerability of the Service, or any systems, networks, servers, computers, devices, or equipment used to provide the Service; (v) use any automated device, process, or means (such as robots or spiders) to access or use Service for any purpose; (vi) use the Service in any manner intended to disable, overburden, damage, impair, or interfere with the proper operation of the Service including via a denial-of- service or distributed denial-of-service attack; (vii) intentionally transmit any viruses, Trojan horses, worms, malware, or other material which is malicious or technologically harmful through the Service; or (viii) use the Service to process, store or otherwise access Social Security numbers or taxpayer identification numbers, passport numbers, driver’s license numbers or other government-issued identification numbers, bank account numbers, credit or debit card numbers, protected health information as defined under any applicable law relating to the protection of personal health information including the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, as amended, the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, as amended, and the Privacy Act of 1988, or other similar information. Global Usage. OfficeSpace agrees that, subject to the execution of an Affiliate Order specific to a global location, there are c. no restrictions on the usage of the Service by the Authorized Users within that location . The Services can be accessible where the Customer or its Affiliates operate, without any additional and fully functional for Authorized Users in such locations fees, limitations, or conditions based on geographic location. 7. TERM AND TERMINATION. a. Term. This Agreement continues until the later of (i) two (2) years thereafter, and (ii) all Orders have terminated or expired (the “Term”). The term of each Order will be as set forth in the applicable Order. b. Termination. If either party is in material breach of this Agreement, and (i) such breach is incapable of cure, or (ii) such breach is capable of cure but is not cured within thirty (30) days of receipt of written notice describing the material breach in reasonable detail, the other party may terminate this Agreement and/or the affected Order(s). In addition, Customer may terminate this Agreement, any Order and/or any Services or portion thereof immediately upon the bankruptcy, insolvency or happening of a similar event affecting OfficeSpace or if a receiver, trustee or other similar person is appointed over OfficeSpace’s assets or it makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors. c. Return of Customer’s Data. i. Upon request no later than thirty (30) days after expiration or termination of the applicable Order (the “Data Retention Period”), OfficeSpace shall make the Service available for Customer to download Customer Data in a commonly used format. In addition, OfficeSpace will provide other data export services at no additional charge to Customer within . fifteen (15) days of the expiration or termination of the applicable Order ii. OfficeSpace has no obligation to maintain the Customer Data and may destroy it after expiration of the Data Retention Period. d. Effect of Termination. Upon termination of this Agreement for any reason, OfficeSpace will cease providing all Services. Furthermore, (X) if this Agreement or any Order is terminated by OfficeSpace under subsection 7(b), Customer will also pay all undisputed amounts to become due and owing under the applicable Order; and (Y) if this Agreement or any Order is terminated by Customer under subsection 7(b) or any other Customer termination right hereunder, OfficeSpace will refund the unearned portion of any prepaid fees. 4 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           e. Suspension of Service. OfficeSpace may temporarily suspend Customer’s access to the Service if it in good faith believes that (i) such suspension is necessary to preserve the security, integrity, or accessibility of the Service or use of the Service by other OfficeSpace customers, or (ii) Customer is in material breach of the Agreement and such breach is materially affecting use of the Service by OfficeSpace’s customers generally. OfficeSpace will use reasonable efforts to contact Customer in advance of such a suspension. OfficeSpace will limit the suspension as much as possible only to the affected portions of the Service and shall promptly restore access to the Service as soon as the issue giving rise to the suspension is resolved. f. Continued Performance. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and provided that Customer has paid all undisputed fees due under this Agreement, OfficeSpace agrees not to suspend or terminate the Services in connection with a good faith dispute between the parties relating to this Agreement or the Services, provided further that Customer continues to work with OfficeSpace in good faith to resolve such dispute. 8. LIABILITY LIMIT. a. EXCLUSION OF DAMAGES. EXCEPT FOR CLAIMS FOR A BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISIONS IN SECTION 5, A DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM, OR A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 9, NEITHER OFFICESPACE NOR CUSTOMER SHALL BE LIABLE FOR (I) FOR ANY INDIRECT, SPECIAL, INCIDENTAL, EXEMPLARY, ENHANCED, PUNITIVE, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT OR CUSTOMER’S USE OF THE SERVICE (INCLUDING COSTS OF DELAY; LOSS OF PRODUCTION, USE, BUSINESS, REVENUE, DATA, RECORDS OR INFORMATION; AND LOST PROFITS), OR (II) FOR ANY LOSS, CORRUPTION, OR BREACH OF CUSTOMER’S OR ANY OF ITS AFFILIATE’S DATA, UNDER ANY LEGAL OR EQUITABLE THEORY, INCLUDING BREACH OF CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE), BREACH OF STATUTE, STRICT LIABILITY, AND OTHERWISE, REGARDLESS OF WHETHER A PARTY WAS ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES OR SUCH LOSSES OR DAMAGES WERE OTHERWISE FORESEEABLE, AND NOTWITHSTANDING THE FAILURE OF ANY AGREED OR OTHER REMEDY OF ITS ESSENTIAL PURPOSE. LIMIT ON LIABILITY. EXCEPT IN FOR CLAIMS FOR A BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY PROVISIONS IN b. TOTAL SECTION 5, A DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM, OR A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 9, EACH OF OFFICESPACE’S AND CUSTOMER’S AGGREGATE LIABILITY FOR ALL DAMAGES ARISING OUT OF OR RELATED TO THIS AGREEMENT (WHETHER IN CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, AND EVEN IF OFFICESPACE OR CUSTOMER, AS APPLICABLE, HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES) WILL NOT EXCEED THE AMOUNT PAID OR PAYABLE BY CUSTOMER (AND ANY OF CUSTOMER’S AFFILIATES SET FORTH ON AN ORDER) TO OFFICESPACE WITHIN THE TWELVE (12) MONTHS PRECEDING THE CLAIM (AND IF TWELVE (12) MONTHS HAVE NOT YET PASSED THEN THE AVERAGE MONTHLY FEES MULTIPLIED BY TWELVE (12)) (THE “GENERAL CAP”), EXCEPT THAT, IN CONNECTION WITH A BREACH OF THE CONFIDENTIALITY OR SECURITY PROVISIONS IN SECTION 5, A DATA PROCESSING ADDENDUM, OR A PARTY’S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS IN SECTION 9, THE LIABILITY OF EACH PARTY HEREUNDER SHALL NOT EXCEED ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000.00). THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION 8 SHALL APPLY NOTWITHSTANDING ANY FAILURE c. LIMITATIONS. OF ESSENTIAL PURPOSE OF ANY LIMITED REMEDY. THE FOREGOING LIMITATIONS OF THIS SECTION 8 SHALL NOT APPLY TO CLAIMS RESULTING FROM A PARTY’S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, FRAUD, BREACH OF APPLICABLE LAW, OR FOR ANY CLAIMS OF BODILY INJURY, DEATH OR PHYSICAL DAMAGE TO TANGIBLE PROPERTY OR TO CUSTOMER’S OBLIGATIONS TO REMIT ALL AMOUNTS PROPERLY DUE AND OWING UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. 9. INDEMNITY. a. Mutual Indemnity. Each party (the “Indemnifying Party”), at its own expense, will defend (or at its option settle) any claim, suit or proceeding brought against the other party or its Affiliates (the “Indemnified Party”) by a third party (other than an Affiliate of a party), and will pay any damages and costs awarded in any such claim, suit or proceeding or agreed to in settlement thereof (each, a “Claim”), if the Claim is based on a claim that any services, solutions, Deliverables, Customer Data, information, or technology as provided by the Indemnifying Party infringes a trade secret or copyright, patent, or trademark or any other right of the third party. Further, OfficeSpace, at its own expense, will indemnify, defend and hold Customer and its Affiliates harmless from any Claim (i) associated in relation to OfficeSpace’s obligation to pay any benefits and to withhold, collect or pay income tax or other taxes, employment insurance, workers’ compensation premiums, pension plan contributions or other sta tutory taxes or payments, if any, in respect of the personnel; or (ii)arising from OfficeSpace or its agents’ fraud, gross negligence, willful misconduct, breach of applicable law, or its security, confidentiality, privacy or data protection obligations hereunder or under the Data Processing Addendum. In each case the Indemnified Party shall provide the Indemnifying Party with: (A) prompt written notice of such claim upon becoming aware, (B) exclusive control over the defense and settlement of such claim, and (C) proper and full information and assistance to settle or defend any such claim. THIS SECTION 9(A) CONTAINS CUSTOMER’S SOLE REMEDY (SUBJECT TO ITS TERMINATION RIGHTS) AND OFFICESPACE’S SOLE LIABILITY FOR ACTUAL OR ALLEGED INFRINGEMENT OF A THIRD-PARTY’S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY. b. Right to Mitigate. If a claim relating to infringement of third-party intellectual property is made or appears likely with regard to the Service, then OfficeSpace will, at its sole option and expense, modify the Service, procure the necessary rights to the infringing technology, or replace the infringing technology with a materially functional equivalent at no additional cost to Customer. If OfficeSpace determines that none of these are reasonably available, then OfficeSpace may terminate the affected Order(s) and refund any prepaid and unused fees for the remainder of the then-current term. 5 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           c. Exclusions. Notwithstanding the above provisions of this Section 9, OfficeSpace has no obligation for any claim arising from: i. OfficeSpace’s compliance with Customer’s or any of its Affiliate’s designs, specification, instructions, or technical information; ii. The combination of OfficeSpace’s services, solutions, information or technology contemplated for use that is not provided or approved by or on behalf of OfficeSpace; or iii. Technology not provided by or on behalf of OfficeSpace. 10. GOVERNING LAW AND FORUM. This Agreement is governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflict of law principles. The prevailing party in any litigation is entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs from the other party. 11. OTHER TERMS. a. Entire Agreement and Changes. This Agreement, the Order(s) and the Data Processing Addendum executed by OfficeSpace and Customer (if any) constitute the entire Agreement of the parties, and supersede all prior or contemporaneous negotiations, Agreements and representations, whether oral or written, related to this subject matter. OfficeSpace rejects any additional or conflicting terms of any subsequent Customer order or similar purchasing document, and such terms shall not supersede or apply to this Agreement. Where Customer is required to “click through” or otherwise accept any online terms to register as OfficeSpace’s customer or to enable Customer’s receipt of the Services (including, without limitation, as a condition to its provision, vendor registration or receipt of Services), the terms are not binding and shall not be deemed to modify this Agreement. b. No Assignment. Neither party may assign or transfer this Agreement or an Order to a third party, including to an Affiliate, except that this Agreement with all Orders may be assigned to a party’s successor -in-interest as part of a merger, or sale of all or substantially all of the business or assets, of a party (each, a “Corporate Assignment”). In the event of a Corporate Assignment by OfficeSpace, OfficeSpace will promptly inform Customer in writing. Customer may terminate this Agreement and any Order Forms for cause and will only be required to pay OfficeSpace for Services provided through the date of such termination if the successor (a) is a direct competitor of Customer or Customer Affiliates, or (b) demonstrably fails to maintain the service delivery experience, financial standing, administrative, physical, technical, organizational and/or or security safeguards materially equivalent to those of OfficeSpace at the time of such Corporate Assignment. In the event of such a termination by Customer, OfficeSpace will refund Customer any fees paid for Services to be provided after the termination date within thirty (30) days. Upon the prior written consent of Customer, OfficeSpace shall be permitted to subcontract its obligations under this Agreement provided that OfficeSpace shall remain liable for the performance of subcontractor obligations. c. Independent Contractors. The parties are acting and shall act as independent contractors and not that of employer and employee, joint venture, or partnership for purposes of this Agreement. Neither party is, nor will be deemed to be, an agent, legal representative, joint venture, employee, or partner of the other party for any purpose. This Agreement will not be interpreted to grant OfficeSpace any exclusive rights or to bind Customer or any Customer Affiliate in any way to an exclusive relationship with OfficeSpace. d. Enforceability. If any term of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable, the other terms remain in effect. e. Force Majeure A party shall be excused from complying with the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the Orders if, to the extent, and for as long as, such party's compliance is delayed or prevented by an event or circumstance beyond their reasonable control “Force Majeure Event”. A Force Majeure Event shall not excuse performing duties that are unrelated to the Force Majeure Event, including, without limitation, discharging financial obligations. No party shall be liable, nor shall any credit If such Force Majeure allowance or other remedy be extended, for any failure of performance due to a Force Majeure Event. continues for more than thirty (30) days, Customer will have the right to terminate this Agreement or any Order for cause. In such event, Customer will only be responsible to pay for Services provided through the termination date and OfficeSpace will refund to Customer any fees paid for Services to be provided after the termination date within thirty (30) days. Both OfficeSpace and Customer acknowledge the existence of, and the current state of the COVID-19 pandemic at the date of this Agreement. Due to this acknowledgement, the mere existence of the COVID-19 pandemic will not be considered a Force Majeure event. f. Money Damages Insufficient. Any breach by a party of this Agreement or violation of the other party’s intellectual property rights could cause irreparable injury or harm to the other party. The other party may seek a court order to stop any breach or avoid any future breach. g. Modification; Waiver. No modification of this Agreement is effective unless both parties sign it, and no waiver is effective unless the party waiving the right signs a waiver in writing. h. Order of Precedence. If there is an inconsistency between this Agreement and a particular Order, the applicable Order prevails in the instance of that Order only. i. Notices. All notices, requests, demands and other communications under this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given: (a) on the day after delivery to commercial or postal overnight carrier service; or (b) on the fifth (5th) day after mailing, if mailed to the party to whom such notice is to be given, by first class mail, registered or certified, postage prepaid and properly addressed, to the address set forth below the signature lines or on the applicable Order Form; or (c) when delivered by email if the sender receives an electronic acknowledgement that the email has been opened by the 6 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           intended recipient, or within five (5) minutes after the email has been electronically sent, unless the sender receives an electronic notice that the email has not been or will not be received by the intended recipient. Notices to Customer shall be sent to: Brookfield HRS TS LLC, Brookfield Place, 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10281-1023, Attention: Maria Kukulski, e-mail: Maria.Kukulski@brookfield.com and Brookfield HRS TS LLC, Brookfield HRS TS LLC, 181 Bay Street, Suite 100, Toronto, ON M5J 2T3, Attention: Stephanie Gummer, e-mail: stephanie.gummer@brookfield.com, with a copy to Brookfield HRS TS LLC, 250 Vesey Street, 15th Floor, New York, NY 10281-1023, Attention: Renee Mallen, e-mail: renee.mallen@brookfield.com and Notices to OfficeSpace shall be sent to the attention and address set forth in the signature block hereto, or in the case of email, to legal@officespacesoftware.com. j. Survival of Terms and no CISG. Any terms that by their nature survive termination or expiration of this Agreement, will survive. The UN Convention on Contracts for the International Sale of Goods does not apply. k. Compliance; FCPA. Each party shall comply with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act (including as it may be amended) (the FCPA), and any analogous laws or regulations existing in any other country or region, in connection with use of the Service. Neither party will make any payment, either directly or indirectly, of money or other assets, to government or political party officials, officials of international public organizations, candidates for public office, or representatives of other businesses or persons acting on behalf of any of the foregoing, that would constitute violation of any law, rule or regulation. Further, OfficeSpace will comply with all applicable anti-corruption, bribery, privacy and data protection, securities (including, without limitation, those laws applicable to the misuse of material non-public information), anti-modern slavery, and fraud laws and regulations. In the event that Customer has at any time during the term of this Agreement reasonable cause to believe that OfficeSpace is in breach of any of the provisions of this Section, Customer may unilaterally suspend performance of or terminate this Agreement and any Order with immediate effect by the service of written notice on OfficeSpace. l. Blocked Person. OfficeSpace represents and certifies that OfficeSpace and any entities within OfficeSpace’s reasonable : (a) are not now and have never been a Blocked Person; (b) are not now and have never been acting directly or control indirectly for any Blocked Person; (c) have never been previously indicted for or convicted of any felony involving a crime or crimes of moral turpitude or for any Applicable Laws relating to terrorism of the laundering of money instruments; and (d) are not currently under investigation by any applicable governmental authority for alleged criminal activity. Should any element of the foregoing certification become untrue during the Term, then OfficeSpace will immediately notify Customer and Customer may unilaterally suspend performance of or terminate the Agreement and any Order with immediate effect by the service of written notice on OfficeSpace. “Blocked Person” means any person, group, entity, nation or transaction (x) named or listed by any governmental agency as a known or suspected terrorist, terrorist organization, prohibited person or a “Special Designated National and Blocked Person”, (y) subject to any economic, trade, or transactional sanctions imposed by any governmental agency, or (z) otherwise banned or blocked pursuant to any laws that are enforced or administered by any governmental agency. m. No Third-Party Beneficiaries. This Agreement is for the sole benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns and nothing herein, express or implied, is intended to or shall confer upon any other Person any legal or equitable right, benefit, or remedy of any nature whatsoever under or by reason of this Agreement. n. Audit. Upon request, OfficeSpace shall provide copies of the technical and/or compliance certificates and/or reports, which it currently holds as at the date of this Agreement (e.g., ISO 27001 Certificate and corresponding Statement of Applicability, SOC 1, Type II, and/or SOC 2, Type II reports) and hereby agrees to maintain the same during the Term of this Agreement and, provide copies of such certificates and reports to Customer during the term of this Agreement. Unless required sooner by applicable governmental, regulatory or other legal authorities, or in connection with OfficeSpace’s breach of this Agreement, an Incident or a Deficiency, OfficeSpace shall provide Customer with the technical and/or compliance certificates and reports at least annually. OfficeSpace will provide Customer and its representatives, auditors, inspectors and regulators, upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to OfficeSpace (except that such notice is not required for requests by applicable governmental, regulatory or other legal authorities), with access to all relevant records and information relating to the performance of the Services (collectively, the “Service Records”) in order to verify: (i) compliance with the terms of this Agreement and applicable laws; (ii) amounts invoiced to Customer; and (iii) any other subject matter as may be required by applicable law or any applicable governmental or regulatory authority. OfficeSpace will cooperate and provide support in respect of such audits at no additional cost to Customer. The audits will be conducted in a manner to cause minimal disruption to OfficeSpace’s conduct of its business. The audits will extend to any subservice provider or subcontractor performing any portion of the Services on behalf of OfficeSpace or other related services that are integral to the Services (collectively “Subcontractors”). Offic eSpace and its Subcontractors will maintain the Service Records at its expense and in accordance with the international financial reporting standards approved by the International Accounting Standards Board, or any successor board or committee, from time to time and as otherwise expressly required hereunder. If an audit reveals any Service Record error, internal control deficiency or other failure to perform (each, a “Deficiency”) on the part of OfficeSpace or its Subcontractor, OfficeSpace will as soon as reasonably possible after becoming aware commit best reasonable efforts to mitigate or remediate identified deficiencies. o. Insurance. OfficeSpace will, at its own cost and expense, obtain and maintain all insurances that are appropriate in the circumstances and as an industry standard, including, but not limited to, the insurance described in Exhibit B attached hereto, with coverage amounts that are no less than the minimum coverage amounts described therein. The Commercial General OfficeSpace’s insurance obligations Liability Insurance described on Schedule B will include Customer as an additional insured will not reduce or limit OfficeSpace’s liability or obligations under this Agreement, including, without limitation, its indemnification obligations hereunder. 7 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           p. Vendor Code. OfficeSpace has received and reviewed Customer’s Vendor Code of Conduct (available at https://www.brookfield.com/vendor-code-conduct) as updated from time to time (“Vendor Code”), and OfficeSpace agrees to adhere to the Vendor Code at all times as a material condition of this Agreement. OfficeSpace will provide the Vendor Code to all of its Personnel, contractors, agents, assigns, and subcontractors who will perform services relating to this Agreement. Any violations by OfficeSpace of any terms of the Vendor Code will be promptly reported to Customer or to its anonymous hotline (see Vendor Code). 8 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Brookfield HRS TS LLC / Customer: OfficeSpace Software Inc. / OfficeSpace Signature Signature    Renee Mallen Name Name    Senior Vice President Title Title  08/29/2024 Date (mm / dd / year) Date 228 Park Ave. S, #39903 250 Vesey Street New York, NY 10003 New York, NY 10281 Address Address Legal reviewed 9 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Exhibit A Customer Support Policy OfficeSpace offers Customer access to phone, email and web support. Customer is given their own access to Web Support to file support tickets, access step by step tutorials and learn about the newest feature releases. This support policy may be modified from time to time; provided, however, such modifications will not adversely affect the Services or reduce the level of support provided to Customer. 1. Support Hours a. 24 hours a day, 7 days a week b. Phone Support: +1-646-201-9664 c. Email Support: support@officespacesoftware.com d. Web Support: support.officespacesoftware.com 2. Case Logging a. Telephone Support b. Email Support c. Web Support Software Service maintenance, which includes maintenance releases, enhancements, new versions, additions and modifications to the Service, that OfficeSpace provides to Customer for no additional fee. 3. Bug Fixes: to bring the Service into substantial conformance with the then current user guide, a copy of which is available support.officespacesoftware.com 4. Resolution Process a. Trouble Ticket opened b. Assign engineer to determine and correct the error c. Periodic reports on the status of the correction d. Initiate work to correct the error 5. Scheduled Outages: are usually scheduled during weekends and clients are usually notified via email and/or through the support site at support.officespacesoftware.com 6. Support Levels a. Basic Product Support i. Including use of current software features ii. Answering ‘how to’ questions iii. Non-technical support requests iv. Details 1. Support Ticket opened or phone or email received 2. Assign client support staff to contact Customer 3. Review features and answer questions v. Response Goal: 24 Hours b. Technical Support i. Including problems in the service ii. Loss of data that has an impact on the Licensee’s business operations iii. Updating of floor plan layouts iv. ͒ Details 1. Support Ticket opened 2. Assign engineer to determine and correct the error 3. Periodic reports on the status of the correction 4. Initiate work to correct the error v. ͒ Response Goal: 4 Hours c. Critical Technical Support i. Critical technical issues consisting of a total loss of core functionality in the service ii. Inoperability of the product (i.e., a down system) that severely affects the Customer’s business operations iii. Details 1. Support Ticket opened 2. Assign engineer to determine and correct the error 3. Periodic reports on the status of the correction 4. Initiate work to correct the error iv. Response Goal: 2 Hours 10 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Exhibit B Insurance Requirements During the Term of this Agreement or any extension hereof, OfficeSpace shall procure and maintain at its sole cost and expens e, insurance coverage with respect to the conduct of its business in such types and amounts as specified below. The insurance company(s) providing these policies shall have a current A.M. Best rating of A-, VII or better and shall be licensed to do business in the applicable jurisdiction. Limits may be satisfied with evidence of Umbrella or Excess Insurance coverage. a. Workers' Compensation as required by law where the Services are to be performed, including Employers’ Liability Insurance of not less than US $1,000,000 per employee and per accident. b. Commercial General Liability Insurance, including Products/Completed Operations, Property Damage, Contractual Liability, and Personal Injury and Advertising Injury of not less than US $1,000,000 per occurrence and US $2,000,000 in the aggregate. c. Umbrella/excess liability insurance, with a minimum limit of US $5,000,000 each occurrence and minimum aggregate amount of US $5,000,000, said amounts being in excess of the underlying coverages. d. Cyber (or Privacy) Liability Insurance, including coverage for third party liability arising out of breach of privacy, inclusive of confidential and proprietary business information, and other breaches of personally identifiable information that may arise from work under this Agreement, of not less than US $5,000,000 each claim and in the aggregate. Such policy also contains Technology Errors and Omissions coverage covering the errors and omissions of OfficeSpace and its personal subcontracts in relation to the Services for $5,000,000 per claim and in the aggregate. 11 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Exhibit C OfficeSpace Software Data Processing Addendum 1. DEFINITIONS. For the purposes of this Addendum (the “Addendum”), the following terms have the following meanings unless the context otherwise requires: (a) “Applicable Data Protection Law” means, any applicable law, statute, declaration, decree, directive, legislative enactment, order, ordinance, regulation, rule or other binding instrument relating to the protection of personal data, including, but not limited to, laws of the (i) EU GDPR as saved into United Kingdom law by virtue of section 3 of the United Kingdom's European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (the “UK GDPR”), the Data Controller’s Member State which implements the European Union Directive 95/46/EC and the Regulation 2016/679 (the “EU GDPR”), (ii) the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act (Canada), the Personal Information Protection Act (British Columbia), the Personal Information Protection Act (Alberta), the Act respecting the protection of personal informa tion in the private sector (Quebec), Canada’s Anti-Spam Legislation (“Canadian Data Protection Laws”); (iii) all applicable U.S. laws, statutes and regulations at the federal and state level re lating to personal information, privacy, data protection and data security, including but not limited to, the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act, the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission (FTC) Act, the Electronic Communications Privacy Act, the Computer Fraud and Abuse Act, the Children’s Online Privacy Protection Act, the Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act, the Fair Credit Reporting Act, the California Online Privacy Protection Act of 2003, and the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018, Cal. Civ. Code § 1798.140(o)(1) (“CCPA”); (iv) all applicable Australian laws, statutes and regulations, including but not limited to, the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth); (v) the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Singapore) (“PDPA”); (vi) the Personal Data (Privacy Ordinance) (Hong Kong); (vii) the Personal Information Protection Law (People’s Republic of China (“PRC”)), the Cyber Security Law (PRC), the Civil Code (PRC), the Measures for Data Export Security Assessment, the Measures on Standard Contracts for the Export of Personal Information and the Information Security Technology – Personal Information Security Specification (viii) Act on the Protection of Personal Information (“APPI”) and Social Security and Tax Number Act] (Japan); (ix) Personal Information Protection Act (South Korea); (x) Luxembourg law of 1 August 2018 on the organization of Luxembourg National Commission for Data Protection and implementation of EU GDPR (Grand-Duchy of Luxembourg); (xi) the Cayman Islands Data Protection Law, 2017 (“Cayman DPL”); (xii) all laws, statutes and regulations applicable in the Dubai International Financial Centre (“DIFC”) relating to Personal Data, privacy, data protecti on and data security, including but not limited to the Data Protection Law 2020 (Dubai International Financial Centre Law No.5 of 2020 (“DIFC DP Law”)); (xiii) the Brazilian General Data Protection Law No. 13,709/2018 (“Brazilian Data Protection Laws”); (xiv) all applicable Swiss laws and ordinances, including but not limited to, the Swiss Federal Data Protection Act and its ordinances, and any guide and factsheet of the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner (“Swiss Data Protection Laws”) (in each case as amended, consolidated, re -enacted or replaced from time to time); confirmed breach of security leading to the accidental or unlawful destruction, loss, misuse, (b) “Data Breach” means any alteration, unauthorised disclosure of, or access to, Customer Data transmitted, stored or otherwise processed by or on behalf of OfficeSpace or a sub-contractor. (c) “Data Controller”, “Data Subject”, “Personal Data”, “Process”, “Processed” or “Processing” shall each have the meaning as set out in the GDPR; (d) “GDPR” means, as applicable, the EU GDPR and the UK GDPR. (e) “Good Industry Practice" means, in relation to any undertaking or any circumstances, the exercise of the skill, care, diligence, prudence, foresight and judgement which would be expected from a suitably skilled, trained and experienced person operating to the standard that would be expected of a leading provider of services similar to the services hereunder, under the same or similar circumstances. (f) “International Transfer” means, to the extent Customer transfers, or makes available, any Personal Data to OfficeSpace in a jurisdiction outside of Customer’s jurisdiction which is restricted by Applicable Data Protection Law. (g) “Regulator” means the data protection supervisory au thority which has jurisdiction over a Data Controller’s Processing of Personal Data; and (h) “Third Countries” means all countries outside of the scope of the data protection laws of the European Union or the European Economic Area (“EEA”) or the United Kingdom (“UK”), as applicable, excluding countries recognized by the Regulator as providing adequate protection for Personal Data from time to time. (i) “Standard Contractual Clauses” means those standard contractual clauses as approved from time to time under Applicable Data Protection Laws to govern International Transfers of Personal Data, in each case, as may be amended, supplemented or replaced from time to time (including for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to International Transfers: (i) where the EU GDPR applies, the contractual clauses annexed to the European Commission's Implementing Decision 2021/914 of 4 June 2021 on standard contractual clauses for the transfer of personal data to third countries pursuant to Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council ("EU SCCs"); (ii) where the UK GDPR applies, standard data protection clauses adopted pursuant to or permitted under Article 46 of the UK GDPR ("UK SCCs"); (ii) the DIFC, the standard contractual clauses published by the DIFC Commissioner of Data Protection to provide additional safeguards in accordance with DP Law 2020, 12 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Article 27(2)(c) and as prescribed in Regulation 5 of the DIFC DP Regulations 2020) (the “DIFC Standard Contractual Clauses”); and (iii) China (PRC), the standard contractual clauses pursuant to the Measures on Standard Contracts for the Export of Personal Information formulated by the Cyberspace Administration of China (“China Standard Contractual Clauses”) . Customer is executing a Subscription Services Agreement (“Agreement”) 2. BACKGROUND. Concurrent with this Addendum, with OfficeSpace Software Inc. (“OfficeSpace”) for the purpose of providing facility management services ( “Services”) in the form of software as a service (SaaS) to Customer for the duration of the required service activity. This Addendum is attached to and forms a part of the Agreement reflecting the parties’ agreement with regard to the Processing of Personal Data. 3. PURPOSE AND INSTRUCTIONS. In its capacity as Data Processor OfficeSpace will not access, use or otherwise Process Customer’s Personal Data (“Customer Data”), except as necessary to provide the Services to the Customer, acting as Data Controller. OfficeSpace will only follow written and documented instructions received from Customer as set forth in the Agreement, with respect to Customer Data, including this Addendum and the Agreement (each, an “ Instruction”), unless, in OfficeSpace’s reasonable opinion such Instructions (i) are legally prohibited, (ii) require material changes to OfficeSpace’ performance of the Services, (iii) result in a likely violation of Applicable Data Protection Laws and/or (iv) are inconsistent with the terms of the Agreement or OfficeSpace’s do cumentation relating to the Services. In any such case, OfficeSpace shall immediately inform Customer in writing of its inability to follow the Instructions, and such inability should not be construed as a breach under the Agreement. Customer shall, in its own use of the Services and including the Instructions, process Customer Data in accordance with the requirements of Applicable Data Protection Law and comply with its obligations as a data exporter the Standard Contractual Clauses. Customer shall have sole responsibility for the accuracy, quality, and legality of Customer Data provided to OfficeSpace within the framework of the Services. Customer shall be solely responsible for the means by which it acquired Customer Data, including the legality of providing and making available Customer Data to OfficeSpace (including, without limitation and as the case may be, obtaining consent as and when required under Applicable Data Protection Laws). Customer shall indemnify OfficeSpace and hold OfficeSpace harmless in case of any breach of this subsection by Customer. 4. OFFICESPACE’S OBLIGATIONS. To the extent OfficeSpace Processes Personal Data on behalf of the Data Controller, it shall: (a) process the Personal Data only in accordance with the Instructions; (b) ensure that its personnel authorized to Process the Personal Data have committed themselves to confidentiality or are under an appropriate statutory obligation of confidentiality; (c) implement the appropriate technical and organizational security measures appropriate to the security risk, as described in Annex II to Attachment 2 to this Addendum; (d) comply with its obligations as a data importer under Applicable Data Protection Laws and the Standard Contractual Clauses; (e) provide any cooperation or assistance reasonably requested by Customer in connection with steps that Customer takes to comply with Applicable Data Protection Laws insofar as they relate to the Services. This includes assistance provided where Customer is: i. responding to requests from individuals or authorities: OfficeSpace will, to the extent legally permitted, promptly notify Customer if (i) OfficeSpace receives a request from a Data Subject to provide access to, correct, amend or delete that Data Subject’s Customer Data, (ii) a Data Subject opposes the processing of he r or his Customer Data and/or (iii) the Data Subject wishes to exercise her or his right to portability or to be forgotten under Applicable Data Protection Law. OfficeSpace will not respond to such Data Subject’s request directly without Customer’s prior w ritten approval, except in order to confirm that such request is properly directed to Customer. To the extent Customer, in its use of the Services, does not have the ability to directly and personally access, correct, amend, block or delete Customer Data, as required by Applicable Data Protection Law, OfficeSpace shall comply with any commercially reasonable request by Customer to facilitate such actions to the extent OfficeSpace is legally permitted to do so, and provided such request is exercised in accordance with Applicable Data Protection Law. To the extent legally permitted, Customer shall be responsible for any costs arising from OfficeSpace provision of such assistance unless such assistance is related to a Data Breach or OfficeSpace’s breach of the Agreement or this Addendum; ii. notifying Data Breaches to affected individuals or authorities; and iii. carrying out data protection impact assessments and prior consultations with the authorities. Upon Customer’s request, OfficeSpace will provide Customer with reasonable cooperation and assistance needed to fulfil Customer’s obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws to carry out a data protection impact assessment related to Customer’s use of the Services or consultation with the authorities, to the extent Customer does not otherwise have access to the relevant information, and to the extent such information is available to OfficeSpace. (f) OfficeSpace is expressly prohibited from Processing any Personal Data for any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the Services specified under the Agreement, unless required by applicable law. In particular and without limitation to the foregoing, OfficeSpace is expressly prohibited from (i) selling any Personal Data under any circumstances and for any purpose; (ii) marketing to the data subjects identified in the Personal Data unless expressly required to pursuant to the terms of the Agreement; (iii) sharing such Personal Data for cross-context behavioral advertising purposes; and (iv) combining any 13 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Personal Data received from Customer with respect to certain individuals with Personal Data collected from OfficeSpace’s other interactions with those data subject(s) or from other sources. No other use or disclosure of such Personal Data is permitted without the express prior written consent of Customer. (g) OfficeSpace certifies and warrants that it understands its obligations under Applicable Data Protection Laws, and that it is fully compliant, and shall maintain full compliance, with all Applicable Data Protection Laws. Upon Customer’s written request, OfficeSpace will provide Customer with information concerning the Applicable Data Protection Laws and regulations applicable to OfficeSpace. 5. DATA CONTROLLER OBLIGATIONS. The Data Controller shall promptly notify OfficeSpace regarding any non-compliance discovered during the course of an audit or otherwise and OfficeSpace shall use commercially reasonable efforts to address any confirmed non-compliance. In the event that non-compliance cannot be remedied, Data Controller will have the right to terminate the Agreement for cause in accordance with its terms and receive a refund for any fees paid for Services to be provided after the termination date. 6. INFORMATION AND AUDIT. Upon Customer’s request, OfficeSpace will make available to Customer information necessary to demonstrate its compliance with the obligations laid down in this Addendum. OfficeSpace will allow for and operationally collaborate with audits, including inspections, conducted by Customer or another auditor mandated designated by Customer (provided such an auditor is not a competitor of OfficeSpace and has duly executed a non-disclosure agreement with OfficeSpace). In case of such audit, Customer may contact OfficeSpace to request an on-site audit with at least thirty (30) days prior notice (unless sooner required by applicable law, regulation or administrative authority or in connection with a Data Breach), which shall be limited to the audit of the architecture, systems and procedures relevan t to the protection of Customer Data at OfficeSpace’s locations where Customer Data is stored. Before the commencement of any such on-site audit, Customer and OfficeSpace shall mutually agree upon the scope, timing, and duration of the audit, none of which shall adversely impact OfficeSpace business activities. Customer shall promptly notify OfficeSpace of any non-compliance discovered during the course of an audit. Customer shall bear the costs of all such audits, as well as of any follow-up requested by Customer to OfficeSpace, and should it become necessary for OfficeSpace to participate, Customer shall be responsible for and shall pay to OfficeSpace all costs and expenses in connection with such audits and follow-up, including but not limited to the cost of OfficeSpace‘s auditors’ and other staff time charged at OfficeSpace’s then -current applicable rates, postage, reproduction, supplies, and reasonable attorneys’ fees, except in each case that Customer shall not pay any costs associated with the foregoing in connection with a Data Breach or OfficeSpace’s breach of applicable law, the Agreement or this Addendum. 7. DELETION/RETURN. OfficeSpace shall make Customer Data available for download in a commonly used format following the days, unless Customer explicitly requests otherwise in termination of the Agreement for any reason for a period of thirty (30) advance of the end of such thirty (30) day period. In any case, and provided that Customer has not expressly requested the return of Customer Data, OfficeSpace shall delete Customer Data including all the copies thereof following the termination of the Agreement days thereafter, unless otherwise specified by the parties in the Agreement. The parties agree for any reason within thirty (30) that OfficeSpace may retain one copy of Customer Data as necessary to comply with any of OfficeSpace’s legal, regulatory, judicial, audit or internal compliance requirements provided that the confidentiality obligations of the Agreement will continue to apply. 8. DATA BREACHES. OfficeSpace will, to the extent permitted by law, notify Customer in writing of any Data Breach immediately without undue delay upon becoming aware of it, but in no event should such notice be more than 48 hours from OfficeSpace first becoming aware of such breach. OfficeSpace will include in the notice (a) to the extent possible at the time of the notice (i) the nature of the Data Breach (including the categories and number of individuals concerned and the categories and number of records involved), (ii) the likely consequences of the Data Breach, (iii) any steps OfficeSpace has taken or proposes to take to address and/or mitigate the Data Breach, and (iv) provide such other information, including a written report, as Customer may reasonably request, and (b) a point of contact at OfficeSpace who Customer may contact about the Data Breach. Descriptions in the notice will be detailed enough to allow Customer to understand the impact of the Data Breach. If it is not possible for OfficeSpace to provide any of the information required by this Section at the time of the notice, OfficeSpace will provide such information to Customer as soon as possible thereafter. OfficeSpace will take all reasonable steps to mitigate the effects and to minimize any damage resulting from the Data Breach to the extent the remediation is within OfficeSpace’s reasonable control. OfficeSpace will promptly comply with any instructions provided by, and cooperate with, Customer in relation to the Data Breach. The obligations herein shall not apply to incidents that are caused, directly or indirectly, by Customer or further to OfficeSpace strictly conforming to an Instruction. 9. RECORDS. OfficeSpace will maintain a written log of all processing of Customer Data performed on Customer’s behalf. The written log, whose copy will be provided by OfficeSpace at Customer’s request, shall include at least the following information: (a) The name and contact details of any sub-processors, and where applicable, of their data protection officers; (b) the categories of recipients to whom the Customer Data have been or will be disclosed; (ii) (c) to the extent that Customer Data is transferred to a third party outside the EEA or the UK, a list of such transfers (including the name of the relevant non-EEA or non-UK country and organization), and documentation of the suitable safeguards in place for such transfers; and (d) a general description of the technical and organizational security measures referred to in this Addendum. 10. INTERNATIONAL TRANSFERS. In the event of any International Transfer of Personal Data, the parties shall only transfer or make available the Personal Data using appropriate safeguards in compliance with Applicable Data Protection Law. OfficeSpace shall not transfer or make available Personal 14 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Data in any jurisdiction that does not facilitate Customer’s compliance with Applicable Data Protection Law. Where the appropriate safeguards under the Applicable Data Protection Law adopted by the parties includes Standard Contractual Clauses, then the applicable Standard Contractual Clauses shall automatically be incorporated into this Schedule with Customer as the data exporter and OfficeSpace as the data importer as set out in this section: (a) In relation to Personal Data that is protected by the EU GDPR (including the EEA and Switzerland), the EU SCCs are incorporated and will apply completed as follows: Module 2 of the EU SCCs applies between Customer as "data exporter" and OfficeSpace as "data importer" on the following basis: (i) in Clause 7, the optional docking clause will apply, (ii) in Clause 9, Option 2 will apply, and the time period for prior notice of Sub-Processor changes shall be as set out in Section 11(c) of this Addendum, (iii) in Clause 11, the optional language shall not apply, (iv) in Clause 17, Option 1 will apply, and the EU SCCs will be governed by Irish law, (v) in Clause 18(b), disputes shall be resolved before the courts of Ireland, (vi) Annex 1 to the EU SCCs will be deemed to incorporate Annex 1 to this Addendum and (vii) Annex 2 to the EU SCCs will be deemed to incorporate Annex 2 of this Addendum. (b) In relation to Personal Data that is protected by the UK GDPR, UK Addendum to the EU Standard Contractual Clauses (“UK Addendum”) issued by the Information Commissioner’s Office (“ICO”) under s.119A(1) of the Data Protection Act 2018 is hereby incorporated and will apply as follows: (i) the EU SCCs, completed as set out at Section 10(a) above shall also apply to transfers of such Personal Data, and (ii) the UK Addendum shall be deemed executed between Customer and OfficeSpace, and the EU SCCs shall be deemed amended as specified by the UK Addendum in respect of the transfer of such Personal Data. (c) The EU Standard Contractual Clauses shall also apply to International Transfers made from Brazil, the Cayman Islands and Singapore and with respect to those EU Standard Contractual Clauses: a. a reference to: i. “European Union” shall be deemed to mean Brazil (in the case of International Transfers from Brazil), the Cayman Islands (in the case of International Transfers from the Cayman Islands) or Singapore (in the case of International Transfers from Singapore) (as appropriate); ii. “Regulation (EU) 2016/679 of the European Parliament and of the Council of 27 April 2016 on the protection of natural persons with regard to the processing of personal data and on the free movement of such data (General Data Protection Regulation)”, “Regulation (EU) 2016/679” or “that Regulation” shall be deemed to mean the Brazilian Data Protection Laws (in the case of International Transfers from Brazil), the Cayman Islands (in the case of International Transfers from the Cayman Islands) or Singapore (in the case of International Transfers from Singapore) (as appropriate) and a reference to a particular “Article” or “recital” of Regulation (EU) 2016/679, shall meaning the corresponding provision under such Applicable Data Protection Laws, if any; b. the Module applicable to the International Transfer shall be determined in accordance with the principles of Section 10(a) above; c. the optional Clause 7 (Docking Clause), Clause 9(a), Clause 11(a), Clause 13(a) and Annex I, Annex II and, if applicable, Annex III shall all be dealt with as described in Section 10(a) above; d. for the purposes of Clause 17, Option 1 shall apply, and such EU Standard Contractual Clauses shall be governed by the laws of Brazil (in the case of International Transfers from Brazil), the Cayman Islands (in the case of International Transfers from the Cayman Islands) or Singapore (in the case of International Transfers from Singapore) (as appropriate); and e. for the purposes of Clause 18(b), any dispute arising from such EU Standard Contractual Clauses shall be resolved by the courts of Brazil (in the case of International Transfers from Brazil), the Cayman Islands (in the case of International Transfers from the Cayman Islands) or Singapore (in the case of International Transfers from Singapore) (as appropriate). (d) The DIFC Standard Contractual Clauses shall apply to International Transfers made from the DIFC and with respect to those DIFC Standard Contractual Clauses: i. the optional Clause 7 (Docking Clause) shall apply; ii. for the purposes of Clause 9.1(a), Option 2 shall apply and the time period shall be one (1) month; and iii. the optional Clause 16.6. shall apply. (e) Obligations of OfficeSpace Where the Data Protection Laws of China (PRC) Applies a. OfficeSpace shall maintain complete and accurate records of its activities under this Schedule in a manner sufficient to permit verification by Customer of OfficeSpace’s compliance with this Agreement. b. To the extent that Customer makes an International Transfer of Customer Personal Data stored or used in China to OfficeSpace outside of China (including enabling OfficeSpace to access such Confidential Customer Data from 15 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           outside of China), OfficeSpace shall, if requested by Customer: (a) sign separate China Standard Contractual Clauses; and (b) provide Customer with all reasonable assistance and support in connection with all applicable government security assessments and/or fillings on data export as required by the Data Protection Laws of China. (f) The parties agree that this Section 10 is made pursuant to the requirement under the Personal Data Protection Act 2012 (Singapore) (“PDPA”) to ensure that Personal Data that is subject to an International Transfer from Singapore is given a standard of protection by the recipient that is comparable to the protection given to that Personal Data under the PDPA. (g) If at any time Applicable Data Protection Laws applicable to an International Transfer prohibits the parties from solely relying on this Clause 4 to make such International Transfers, the parties shall discuss in good faith, and each use their reasonable endeavors to agree any amendments to this Clause 4 as reasonably necessary to comply with such Applicable Data Protection Laws (including, if necessary or desirable, amending, supplementing or replacing this Section 10 in part or in its entirety). 11. SUB-PROCESSING. (a) The Data Controller agrees for OfficeSpace to utilize the sub-processors listed in Attachment 1 to this Addendum, subject to the requirements of this clause, to support the provision of Services to Data Controller under the Agreement executed by both parties. In addition, Customer hereby grants OfficeSpace a general authorization to utilize new sub-processors in accordance with the process below. (b) The Data Controller acknowledges and agrees that OfficeSpace may engage additional third-party sub-processors in connection with the provision of the Services, provided that OfficeSpace enters into a written agreement with each sub-processor containing data protections not less protective than those contained in this Addendum with respect to the protection of Data Controller’ s data. (c) Except where a sub-processor is terminated without replacement, OfficeSpace shall inform the Data Controller in writing of any intended changes concerning the addition or replacement of the sub-processors, and a then-current list of sub-processors will be available as part of the Customer Privacy Policy in the Data Controller’s Help Center on the Service. On the basis that the contemplated Sub-Processor would create an objective and legitimate concern with regard to the security, integrity, confidentiality and/or availability of Customer Data, the Data Controller will have fourteen (14) days from the date of receipt of a notice to provide the grounds for a rejection of such change. In the event of no response from the Data Controller, the sub- processor will be deemed accepted. If the Data Controller rejects the addition or replacement of a sub-processor, the parties may engage in a good faith discussion regarding the motive for rejection, however, if such rejection cannot be resolved within a reasonable time thereafter, OfficeSpace may terminate the affected Service with immediate effect, and without liability, on written notice to the Data Controller and will promptly refund Customer for any fees paid for Services to be provided after the termination date. (d) In the event that a sub-processor engaged by OfficeSpace for carrying out specific activities with regard to Data Controller fails to fulfill its obligations, OfficeSpace shall remain fully liable hereunder and under the Agreement, including under the Applicable Data Protection Laws, to the Data Controller for the performance of that sub-processor’s obligations, subject to the Limitation of Liability contained in the Agreement. 12. CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PROTECTION ACT. OfficeSpace shall not retain, process, or disclose Personal Information for any purpose other than for the specific purpose of performing the Services. OfficeSpace shall not retain, process, or disclose Personal Information, including personal information received either from Customer or collected directly from individuals or households via Customer’s services, products, or business, for the purpose of providing services to another person or entity. OfficeSpace sh all not further retain, process, disclose, or sell Personal Information except as necessary to perform the business purposes contemplated by this Addendum. OfficeSpace shall not retain, use, or disclose the Personal Information for any commercial purpose other than providing the Services. OfficeSpace represents, warrants, and certifies that: (a) OfficeSpace understands this Addendum and its restrictions on OfficeSpace’s processing of Personal Information; (b) OfficeSpace will comply with the restrictions in this Addendum and the Privacy and Data Protection Requirements. For the purposes of this section 12 Privacy and Data Protection Requirements means all applicable federal and state laws and regulations relating to the processing, protection, or privacy of the Personal Information, including where applicable, the guidance and codes of practice issued by regulatory bodies in any relevant jurisdiction, including, but not limited to, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) (Cal. Civ. Code §§ 1798.100 to 1798.199). For purposes of this section 12 Personal Information means any information the Provider collects or processes for the Customer that (y) identifies or relates to an individual or household or could reasonably be linked to a particular consumer or household, or (z) the relevant Privacy and Data Protection Requirements otherwise define as protected personal information. 13. AMENDMENTS. The parties agree that this Addendum may be amended only by written agreement between the parties. The parties agree to negotiate amendments to this Addendum in good faith to address changes in Applicable Data Protection Law. 14. GENERAL. In the event of a conflict between this Addendum and the Agreement or Order Forms associated therewith, this Addendum shall control. The construction, validity and performance of this Addendum (with the exception of the Standard Contractual Clauses and their appendices, attached hereto as Attachment 2), shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York. 16 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           Attachment 1 OfficeSpace Subprocessors Location of Data or Applicable Data Protection Subprocessor Address Purpose Data 450 Artisan Way United States/Standard Quality Assurance Faulty function calls BugSnag Sommerville, MA 02145 Contractual Clauses and stack traces United States 1600 Amphitheatre United States/ Standard Cloud hosting, email, and Floor plans, seat Parkway Contractual Clauses productivity tools locations, name, Google, Inc. Mountain View, CA 94043 email, and other data United States as defined by client 25 First Street, 2nd Floor United States/ Standard Communication for Contact information, Hubspot Cambridge, MA 02141 Contractual Clauses marketing and product company, title United States updates 112 E Pecan St. #1135 United States/ Standard Cloud-based email Email generated by San Antonio, TX 78205 Contractual Clauses notification services the application Mailgun United States OfficeSpace Software 301-1221 Broad Street Canada/Adequacy Customer Support Application data Canada Victoria, BC V8W 2A4 Decision supplied by client Costa Rica, San Jose, Costa Rica/ Standard Customer support Application data OfficeSpace Software Escazu Contractual Clauses supplied by client Calle Mango, Ofibodegas CR SRL Escazu #9 Salesforce Tower United States/ Standard Customer Support Contact information rd 415 Mission Street, 3 Contractual Clauses Salesforce Floor San Francisco, CA 94105 United States 17 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           ANNEX I A. LIST OF PARTIES Data exporter(s): [Identity and contact details of the data exporter(s) and, where applicable, of its/their data protection officer and/or representative in the European Union] Name: Privacy Officer th Address: 250 Vesey Street, 15 Floor, New York, New York 10281 Contact person’s name, position and contact details: Privacy Officer; privacyofficer@brookfield.com Activities relevant to the data transferred under these Clauses: ___________________________________________________________________ ___________________________________________________________________ Signature and date: ___________________________________________________ Role (controller/processor): Controller Data importer(s): Name: OfficeSpace Software Inc. Address: 3000 Mill Creek Avenue, Suite 300 Contact person’s name, position and contact details: Mark Masters, Chief Financial Officer, mmasters@officespacesoftware.com Activities relevant to the data transferred under these Clauses: OfficeSpace Software Inc. is a provider of subscription software services which processes personal data upon the instruction of the data exporter in accordance with the terms of the Agreement executed by both parties. Signature and date: ___________________________________________________ Role (controller/processor): Processor 18 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           B. DESCRIPTION OF TRANSFER Categories of data subjects whose personal data is transferred: Data subjects in scope include application users, employees, owners, directors, facility visitors, customers, and vendors. Categories of personal data transferred: Name, title, position, contact information, ID number, seat location Sensitive data transferred (if applicable) and applied restrictions or safeguards that fully take into consideration the nature of the data and the risks involved, such as for instance strict purpose limitation, access restrictions (including access only for staff having followed specialized training), keeping a record of access to the data, restrictions for onward transfers or additional security measures. None The frequency of the transfer (e.g. whether the data is transferred on a one-off or continuous basis). Continuous as transferred for space management functions. Nature of the processing: The data is used in a way-finding directory tool (Visual Directory) that is available to members of the data exporter’s organization. The data is also used to generate facility management reports (i.e. occupancy and space utilization reports). Purpose(s) of the data transfer and further processing: The personal data transferred is used to manage facility workspace assignments (including room booking and desk booking, where applicable) and the processes that relate to managing a facility (managing employee moves, request management). The period for which the personal data will be retained, or, if that is not possible, the criteria used to determine that period The data will be retained for so long as necessary to provide the services described in the Agreement. For transfers to (sub-) processors, also specify subject matter, nature and duration of the processing: See Attachment 1 to the Addendum. C. COMPETENT SUPERVISORY AUTHORITY Identify the competent supervisory authority/ies in accordance with Clause 13 Customer is not established in an EU Member State and has not appointed a representative pursuant to Article 27(2) of Regulation (EU) 2016/679. Therefore, the Irish Data Protection Commission (as a supervisory authority of one of the EU Member States in which the data subjects whose personal data is transferred under these Clauses) shall act as competent supervisory authority. AND In relation to the processing of personal data having an impact in Switzerland, in parallel, the Swiss Federal Data Protection and Information Commissioner. ………..…. 19 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           ANNEX II - TECHNICAL AND ORGANISATIONAL MEASURES INCLUDING TECHNICAL AND ORGANISATIONAL MEASURES TO ENSURE THE SECURITY OF THE DATA Data Importer and Data Exporter will each be responsible for protecting the security of Personal Data in their respective possession and will maintain commercially reasonable administrative, technical and physical controls to protect Personal Data that is stored on each party’s systems from unauthorized access and accidental loss or modification, including but not limited to the following: Physical Controls (a) The use of third party data centers utilizing (i) physical access control lists to manage ingress and egress; (ii) security fencing; (iii) biometric readers at all main entry points; (iv) 24x7x365 security officers with fixed locations and rear access points; (v) 24x7x365 CCTV recordings; and (vi) access control (mantraps). Administrative Controls (a) Reliance on established organizational policies governing (i) security; (ii) passwords; (iii) handling of personal information; (iv) off-boarding; and (v) access control, including least access privilege. (b) Established processes for (i) incident response, (ii) patching and (iii) compliance. (c) Promulgation of standards for (i) coding; (ii) server building; (iii) data retention and disposal; and (iv) key management. (d) Ongoing security awareness and privacy awareness training. Technical Controls (a) Preventative controls such as (i) regular vulnerability scans; (ii) malware scans; (iii) use of firewalls; (iv) anti-virus protection; and (v) IP whitelisting and blacklists. (b) Detective controls including (i) infrastructure access logs; (ii) application access logs, and (iii) application audit trails. (c) Access control mechanisms including roles and permissions and two-factor authentication. (d) The use of strong encryption protocols such as AES and TLS to encrypt data both while in transit and at rest, including password encryption. (e) User controls including (i) user authentication; (ii) password complexity; (iii) account lockout; and (iv) session timeouts. 20 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23
           ANNEX III LIST OF SUB-PROCESSORS As set forth in Attachment 1 to the Addendum 21 Confidential – OfficeSpace Rev.11.30.23