Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT THIS MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT (this “Agreement”) is entered into as of 22 April 2025 (“Effective Date”) (the date IIVS signs this agreement) by and between Revolution Medicines, Inc., a Delaware corporation, with principal site of operations located at 700 Saginaw Drive, Redwood City, California 94063 (“SPONSOR”), and the Institute for In Vitro Sciences, Inc., a contract research organization with a 501(c)3 charity status, with headquarters located at 30 W. Watkins Mill Road, Suite 100, Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 (“IIVS”). WITNESSETH WHEREAS, SPONSOR wishes to engage IIVS to provide certain “Services” for SPONSOR, and IIVS is duly competent to, and agreeable to furnishing such Services to SPONSOR as described on the attached Statement of Work (“SOW”) (and/or IiVS Study Protocol) (see Exhibit B), and pursuant to the terms hereinafter described. NOW THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing premises, it is hereby mutually agreed by and between the parties hereto as follows: 1. Services; Appointment of Representatives. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions in this Agreement, the Services to be performed hereunder will be as specified in the attached SOW. Each SOW will be attached to this Agreement and incorporated herein upon execution of same by both parties in accordance herewith. Additional details and specifications supporting the SOW will be presented in a governing IIVS Study Protocol, provided by IIVS to SPONSOR prior to initiation of the specific Services. (b) Changes in the scope of the Services (but not changes in the manner of performing the Services) being performed under this Agreement and each applicable SOW will be made only if agreed to in writing in the form of an amendment to such SOW or IIVS Study Protocol executed by authorized representatives of both parties. In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of any SOW and the provisions of this Agreement, the provisions of this Agreement will control. (c) In connection with each SOW (and/or IIVS Study Protocol), each of SPONSOR and IIVS will appoint a designee as the SPONSOR representative and IIVS representative, respectively, which person shall be the primary point of contact under such SOW (and/or IIVS Study Protocol). The representatives will interface regarding the delivery of and performance of Services arising under the applicable SOW. 2. Term; Termination. IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 1 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 (a) This Agreement will commence on the Effective Date and continue for an initial term of 2 years, and be automatically renewed for successive one-year terms upon the same terms and conditions as set forth herein unless either party gives the other party at least thirty (30) days’ written notice of its intent not to renew the term hereof. In addition, this Agreement may be terminated by either party for any reason upon thirty (30) days’ written notice to the other party. Further, either party may terminate this Agreement, immediately, without advance notice, (i) in the event of a material breach of this Agreement by the other party, which breach is not cured within thirty (30) days after such breaching party’s receipt of notice of such breach or (ii) if the other party becomes insolvent or seeks protection under any bankruptcy, receivership, trust deed, creditors arrangement, composition or comparable proceeding, or if any such proceeding is instituted against the other party (and such proceeding is not dismissed within ninety (90) days). Upon the expiration or termination of this Agreement, SPONSOR will pay IIVS all fees for Services earned as of and through the effective date of expiration or termination and will also pay and reimburse IIVS for all expenses incurred prior to and through the effective date of expiration or termination and all non-cancelable commitments that were incurred prior to and through the effective date of expiration or termination. (b) In addition, the parties may terminate one or more SOWs, without terminating or effecting this Agreement or other SOWs under this Agreement, only upon the same terms and pursuant to the same procedures set forth above in Section 2(a) or as otherwise specified in the SOW at issue. (c) Notwithstanding any other terms or specifications, the covenants set forth in the Confidential Information clause (Section 8) will remain in effect in perpetuity. 3. Fees. (a) Fees and other charges for the Services will be as specified in Exhibit A attached hereto, as such Exhibit A may be amended by IIVS from time to time, and instituted by written approval by both parties. IIVS will submit invoices to SPONSOR on a regular basis and will send a final invoice to SPONSOR upon completion of the Services as set forth in an SOW. Unless otherwise specified in an SOW, payment for the amount invoiced will be due upon presentation of the applicable invoice and all undisputed amounts will be paid within thirty (30) days of the date of invoice. (b) If there is a dispute regarding an invoice, the issue will first be addressed by email, a meeting or telephone conference, within thirty (30) days after the date of invoice, between the representatives representing each party for the applicable project, and the parties agree to cooperate in good faith to attempt to resolve the dispute. Payment of all amounts due, if any, upon resolution of such dispute will be made within thirty (30) days after resolution of such dispute. SPONSOR will continue to pay IIVS for all Services set forth in an SOW except those disputed in good faith. 4. Samples. (a) Sample Requirements. If any Samples are to be delivered to IIVS, as described in the SOW, SPONSOR will clearly identify all information deemed reasonably necessary by SPONSOR and IIVS. IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 2 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 (b) Delivery of Samples. Unless otherwise arranged, SPONSOR will deliver, or cause to be delivered, each sample to IIVS’ facilities. Within five (5) business days of delivery to IIVS, IIVS will notify SPONSOR of any missing samples or samples that are received in a damaged and/or contaminated condition or any other discrepancy. Upon such notification, SPONSOR will provide IIVS with additional instructions regarding such missing, damaged and/or contaminated samples. IIVS will have the right to refuse acceptance of, or to return at SPONSOR’s expense, any sample that IIVS deems, in its sole discretion, to present a hazard or an unreasonable risk with respect to its handling and/or analysis. (c) Storage and Retention of Samples. While in IIVS’ control or possession, IIVS will store, inventory, maintain, and handle all samples in accordance with IIVS’ policies, and as specified in the SOW, or relevant study Protocol(s), Sample Submission form(s), or other documentation submitted with the Samples. (d) IIVS will retain all samples following completion of the relevant Services for up to one (1) year depending on the nature of the samples and the relevant Services. In general, SPONSOR will specify in writing the disposition and handling requirement of any Samples upon completion of the relevant Services in the SOW or Protocol. After the 1-year retention time set forth above has expired, IIVS will EITHER return non-hazardous samples to SPONSOR at SPONSOR’s expense, OR properly dispose of the sample or transfer to a separate facility designated by SPONSOR, as specified in the SOW by SPONSOR, and/or relevant study Protocol. If SPONSOR desires for IIVS to retain any samples for a longer period of time, such longer period of time must be agreed to by both parties and set forth in a written amendment to the SOW and/or Protocol. 5. Performance of Services. (a) IIVS will perform the Services in a manner at least to the degree of care, skill and diligence as is ordinarily exercised by a professional contract research organization under similar conditions and circumstances, and each subcontractor/individual whom IIVS intends to engage to perform the Services will possess the qualifications, licenses, skills and experience needed to perform such Services. (b) In performing the Services: (i) IIVS will be responsible for the professional quality, technical accuracy, completeness and coordination of all tests, analyses and reports performed, conducted or prepared by or on behalf of IIVS as part of the Services (including any performance, conduct or preparation by subcontractors and/or individuals engaged to perform the Services on behalf of IIVS); (ii) IIVS will use reasonable commercial efforts in a diligent manner to perform the Services on a timely basis in accordance with the timing agreed to by the parties in the applicable SOW, if any; (iii) If IIVS implements any material changes in the manner in which it performs the Services, whether as required by changes in applicable law, rule or IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 3 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 regulation or otherwise, IIVS will notify SPONSOR of such changes within a commercially reasonable period of time or as required by applicable law, and will obtain the consent or approval of, SPONSOR implementing such changes. Changes in IIVS’ Study Protocol will be documented by either a Study Protocol Amendment, or Deviation Report. (iv) IIVS will comply with all federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations applicable to the performance of its obligations under this Agreement. c) SPONSOR may request that IIVS (i) re-perform any Services completed, and/or review the substance and accuracy of any related Work Product produced, by or on behalf of IIVS hereunder or (ii) correct any inaccuracies or errors in any such Services and/or Work Product (collectively, “Additional Work”); provided, that SPONSOR shall have submitted such request to IIVS in writing (which writing will set forth in reasonable detail the basis of SPONSOR’s request) within 30 (30) days after the delivery by IIVS to SPONSOR of a draft/final report with respect to the relevant Services. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, IIVS will not be liable for any consequential, incidental, exemplary, indirect, punitive or special damages, including, without limitation, loss of profits or loss of business opportunities. 6. Regulatory Changes; Regulatory Investigations and Inspections. (a) Regulatory Changes. In the event any changes or additions to the laws, rules or regulations of the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or any other regulatory authority (each, a “Regulatory Authority”) (i) require that IIVS change the manner in which it performs the Services and/or (ii) impose additional expenses, charges, fees and costs applicable to IIVS and/or the Services, SPONSOR will promptly reimburse IIVS for any and all reasonable incremental costs incurred by IIVS under this Agreement and the applicable SOW(s) as a result thereof. (b) Regulatory Investigations and Inspections. (i) In the event a Regulatory Authority notifies either SPONSOR or IIVS of its intent to undertake an investigation and/or inspection (each, a “Regulatory Investigation”) of (1) the Services being performed under this Agreement and/or (2) the samples which are the subject of such Services and in the possession of IIVS, IIVS will, to the extent permitted by applicable law, notify SPONSOR thereof within a commercially reasonable period of time or as otherwise required by applicable law. (ii) if IIVS is requested to participate or cooperate in, or in any way facilitate, such Regulatory Investigation, then IIVS will be expected to do so in the manner it deems necessary, advisable or appropriate, provided IIVS will keep SPONSOR informed of the progress of such Regulatory Investigation. (iii) If any part of any such Regulatory Investigation is to be undertaken at IIVS’ facility, SPONSOR will have the right to be present at such facilities during such part of the Regulatory Investigation. IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 4 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 (iv) Upon completion of each Regulatory Investigation, IIVS will provide SPONSOR with a copy of any report of the Regulatory Authority’s findings made available to IIVS by the relevant Regulatory Authority. 7. Record Retention; Reviews. (a) IIVS will keep and maintain complete and accurate records, and other data (but excluding any and all samples which are the subject of the Services (whether tested in whole or in part)) necessary for the proper administration of this Agreement. IIVS will keep and maintain such documentation for five (5) years (or such longer period as may be mandated by applicable law) after the completion of each specific Study, or after expiration or termination of this Agreement. (b) SPONSOR will have the right, at its sole expense, upon thirty (30) days’ prior written notice to IIVS, to review or to have an outside auditor review IIVS’ records relating to the Services performed by IIVS. 8. Confidential Information. (a) For purposes of this Agreement, “Confidential Information” means all information or items (including information, data and materials relating to current or prospective products and processes) made available (whether intentionally or otherwise) to a party or its affiliates or subcontractors, or its affiliates’ or its subcontractors’ employees, agents and other representatives, by or on behalf of the other party and relating to the business, operations, affairs, technologies, plans and strategies of such other party, whether observed or provided orally, in written, graphic or electronic form, or in the form of samples, and whether or not marked, labeled or otherwise identified as “confidential,” “secret” or “proprietary” (it being acknowledged and agreed that the existence and terms of this Agreement will be considered to be Confidential Information as to both parties). (b) Hereafter the party disclosing information shall be named the DISCLOSER and the party receiving information shall be named the RECIEVER. DISCLOSER shall disclose to RECEIVER only that information that it wishes to disclose and such disclosure shall not constitute a grant of any right or license to RECEIVER under any existing or future patent rights of DISCLOSER. (i) RECEIVER shall keep Confidential and not disclose to any third party or use for its own benefit, other than for evaluating its interest therein, or use for the benefit of any third party, the Confidential Information provided by the DISCLOSER. Confidential Information must be in writing and plainly marked “Confidential,” or, if disclosed to RECEIVER in other than written form, must be reduced to writing by DISCLOSER, plainly marked “Confidential”, and delivered to RECEIVER within thirty (30) days of its first oral disclosure to RECEIVER by DISCLOSER, provided, however, the failure to so mark as “Confidential” shall not disqualify such information as Confidential Information if such information would otherwise be deemed confidential by a competent professional in the field performing the Services hereunder. SPONSOR and IIVS consider these discussions and their interest therein part of such Confidential Information. IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 5 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 (ii) RECEIVER shall use the same level of care to prevent disclosure of Confidential Information hereunder as it exercises in protecting its own Confidential Information of similar nature. (iii) Affiliated companies which control or are majority owned or controlled by or under common control with RECEIVER may be given access to Confidential Information received hereunder, provided that any such affiliate agrees to accept such Confidential Information under terms and conditions consistent herewith. (iv) The obligations of Paragraph 8(b)(i) hereof shall not apply to information that: a. is known by RECEIVER prior to receipt from DISCLOSER; b. is hereafter disclosed to RECEIVER by a third party having no obligation of confidentiality to the DISCLOSER; c. is available to the public at the time of its receipt by RECEIVER from DISCLOSER; d. subsequently becomes available to the public through no fault of RECEIVER; or, e. is developed by RECEIVER independently of the Confidential Information provided by DISCLOSER. (v) If a court of law or regulatory agency requests or subpoenas any Confidential Information, RECEIVER shall promptly notify DISCLOSER of such request and cooperate with DISCLOSER to obtain any and all possible protection for such Confidential Information prior to providing same to requestor, if such is ultimately required, including limiting such disclosure to only the portion of such Confidential Information legal required to be disclosed. (vi) RECEIVER shall, upon request by DISCLOSER, return all Confidential Information, except for one (1) copy that may be kept in the Legal Department files for archival purposes. (vii) DISCLOSER represents and warrants that it is legally entitled to impart to RECEIVER the Confidential Information disclosed pursuant hereto and warrants that any such disclosure is not in conflict with any obligation it may have with any third party. (viii) All obligations of confidence and non-use created hereunder shall terminate ten (10) years after the termination or expiration of this Agreement. (c) SPONSOR having paid IIVS in full for all Services under the relevant SOW, will own and have all right and title in all work product related to such Services and specifically produced or generated for, and delivered to, SPONSOR by IIVS under this Agreement during the term of this Agreement (collectively, “Work Product”); provided that such Work Product is based solely on Confidential Information of SPONSOR (or directly IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 6 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 related to the SPONSOR’s samples), and/or developed directly and solely as a result of IIVS’ performance of the Services. (d) To the extent possible, all Work Product shall be considered a work made for hire for SPONSOR, provided, however, that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, IIVS reserves the right to utilize the Confidential Information of SPONSOR and Work Product for the Services. Specifically, IIVS is and shall continue to be the sole owner of all negative and positive control test results, data, and negative and positive control specimens in conducting IIVS’ Study Protocol which are not related to, used, incorporated or dependent upon SPONSOR’s Samples or Confidential Information, to which SPONSOR shall have a royalty-free, paid up, nonexclusive license to use, disclose or otherwise enjoy the benefits thereof. (e) Further, the Confidential Information and Work Product which will belong to SPONSOR, will NOT include any “Background Technology” of IIVS, which at all times will remain the sole and exclusive property of IIVS. For purposes of this Agreement, Background Technology means all intellectual property and other proprietary rights in and to all specifications, checklists, audit tools, scoring criteria, risk profiling tools, protocols, methods (analytical, testing and otherwise), concepts, inventions, improvements, designs, programs, formulas, know-how, methods, processes, and primary documentation or writings utilized, ideas, know-how, concepts, plans, creations, compilations, trade secrets, software, files, programs, models and devices, patents, processes, policy developments, equipment and other materials owned, possessed, developed or acquired by, or licensed or sublicensed to, IIVS prior to the date of this Agreement or disclosure to SPONSOR, that are not developed or acquired expressly and exclusively for SPONSOR. (f) IIVS hereby acknowledges and agrees that it may not and it will not make any Work Product available for external publication, or provide copies of any Work Product to any third parties without obtaining SPONSOR’s prior written consent, except that no prior written consent will be required if disclosure of any Work Product is required by law or pursuant to a valid and lawful subpoena or order issued by a court or Regulatory Authority having authority to issue such subpoena or order. If IIVS is served with a lawful subpoena or order to produce Work Product to a court or Regulatory Authority, IIVS will promptly notify SPONSOR that such a subpoena or order has been received and provide a copy thereof to SPONSOR. (g) Each party hereby acknowledges and agrees that: (i) any unauthorized disclosure or use of Confidential Information would cause irreparable harm to the disclosing party; (ii) money damages would be inadequate to compensate the disclosing party for such harm; and (iii) the breach or threatened breach of this Agreement may entitle the disclosing party to obtain specific performance and injunctive relief (and each party agrees that it will not oppose the disclosing party’s efforts to obtain such relief), in addition to any other legal remedies that may be available. Each party hereby expressly waives any requirement for the disclosing party to post a bond in order to obtain an injunction or other equitable relief. 9. Representations and Warranties. (a) IIVS hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement, and is duly licensed, authorized and qualified to IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 7 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 perform the Services. IIVS hereby further represents and warrants that the execution of this Agreement and the performance of the Services will not, directly or indirectly, contravene, conflict with or result in a violation of any agreement, authorization or other obligation of IIVS. (b) SPONSOR hereby represents and warrants that it has the power and authority to enter into this Agreement and procure the Services. (c) Except to the extent of the limited warranties set forth in Section 5 and in this Section 9, and notwithstanding any provision to the contrary contained herein or in any SOW, report or other statement or instrument, IIVS makes no warranty or guarantee, express or implied, with respect to the Services, including, but not limited to, any warranty of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. (d) IIVS assumes no responsibility for the purposes for which SPONSOR or any third party uses any Work Product except to the extent IIVS has certified that it has performed the Services in accordance with the provisions of the applicable SOW and/or IIVS Study Protocol. 10. Indemnification. (a) IIVS will indemnify, defend and hold SPONSOR and its affiliates and its and their respective officers, directors, shareholders, employees, agents and representatives (SPONSOR Indemnified Parties) harmless from and against any and all losses and damages, including, but not limited to, any and all fines, penalties, liabilities and obligations (whether known or unknown, asserted or unasserted, absolute or contingent, including all reasonable fees, costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable expenses of investigation and mediation and reasonable attorneys’, accountants’ and other professional fees) relating thereto (“Damages”), which any SPONSOR Indemnified Party may incur or be liable for as a result of any claim, suit or proceeding or threatened claim, suit or proceeding asserted by a third party (each, a “Claim”), directly or indirectly, arising out of or in any way related to any breach of this Agreement by IIVS. (b) SPONSOR shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless IIVS and its directors, officers, employees, and agents (the “IIVS Indemnitees”) from and against any and all Claims to the extent resulting from or caused by: (a) the negligence or willful misconduct of any SPONSOR Indemnitee; or (b) SPONSOR’s breach of its obligations, warranties or representations under this Agreement, or (c) SPONSOR’s use and interpretation of IIVS’s Deliverables in SPONSOR’s determination of the safety, risks, or potential health effects, environmental impacts, suitability, or marketability of SPONSOR’s MATERIALS, except in each case to the extent that a Claim arises out of or results from the negligence or willful misconduct of any IIVS Indemnitee or IIVS’s breach of its obligations, warranties, or representations under this Agreement. 11. Insurance. During the term of this Agreement: (a) IIVS hereby agrees to maintain the following insurance coverage: IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 8 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 (i) Worker’s Compensation Insurance to the full extent required by the state of Maryland in which the Services are being performed; (ii) Commercial General Liability Insurance with a combined single limit of liability for bodily injury and property damage of not less than $1,000,000; and (iii) Errors and Omissions insurance with a minimum limit of at least $1,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate. (b) IIVS hereby agrees to provide SPONSOR with a certificate of insurance of the insurance coverage required hereunder upon the SPONSOR’s request. 12. Notices. All notices and other communications given hereunder will be in writing. Notices will be effective when delivered, if delivered personally. Otherwise, they will be effective when sent to the parties at the addresses or numbers listed below, as follows: (i) on the business day delivered (or the next business day following delivery if not delivered on a business day) if personally delivered or sent by overnight delivery courier, (ii) the next business day after transmission by electronic means (email, pdf, etc.) or (iii) three business days after mailing if mailed by registered or certified U.S. mail, postage prepaid and return receipt requested. If to IIVS, to: Institute for In Vitro Sciences, Inc. 30 W. Watkins Mill Road, Suite 100 Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 Attention: Hans RAABE, V.P., Chief Operating Officer Tele: 301-947-6526 email: hraabe@iivs.org If to SPONSOR, to: Revolution Medicines, Inc. 700 Saginaw Drive Redwood City, California 94063 Attention: Legal Department email: legal@revmed.com Any person or entity may change the name, address or number to which notices are to be delivered to him, her or it by giving the other persons or entities named above notice of the change in the manner set forth above. 13. Force Majeure. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, IIVS will not be liable to SPONSOR by reason of any failure in performance of this Agreement if the failure arises out of acts of God, acts of SPONSOR, acts of governmental authority, fires, strikes, labor shortages, riots or war, acts of terrorism or any cause beyond IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 9 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 the reasonable control of IIVS. If any Force Majeure Event delays performance, IIVS will promptly notify SPONSOR thereof and the time allowed for such performance will be extended for the length of the Force Majeure Event; provided, however, that IIVS will exercise reasonable commercial steps to minimize the delay. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if one or more Force Majeure Events results in a delay in the performance of a particular SOW, SPONSOR reserves the right to immediately terminate that SOW without any further liability; provided, however, that both parties will remain subject to the provisions of Section 2(a). 14. Entire Agreement. This Agreement, including the applicable SOWs attached hereto from time to time, constitutes the complete and exclusive statement of the terms, conditions and agreements between the parties and supersedes all prior understandings and agreements, oral and written, between the parties relating to this Agreement, the Services or other matters set forth herein or in the SOWs. This Agreement may not be modified or altered except by written instrument duly executed by both parties. 15. Governing Law. The parties agree that this Agreement is entered into and will be governed by and constructed in accordance with the laws of the State of Maryland, without regard to its choice of laws and principles. 16. Dispute Resolution. (a) General. The parties desire to avoid and to settle without litigation any controversy, claim or dispute arising out of or relating in any way to this Agreement, including the SOWs attached hereto from time to time. Accordingly, the parties agree to engage in good faith negotiations to resolve any such Dispute and, upon failure to agree, to utilize the mediation procedures described in Section 16(c) below as the exclusive method in which to resolve any such Dispute. (b) Informal Resolution. A party to this Agreement that has a Dispute will notify the other party of the nature of and basis for the Dispute. Within thirty (30) days after such notice is given, the parties, each represented by a senior executive, will meet and confer in good faith to attempt to resolve the Dispute described in the notice. (c) Mediation. In the event said parties are unable to resolve the Dispute or agree upon a mechanism to resolve such Dispute during the 30-day period provided for in Section 16(b) above, then the parties will use good faith efforts to resolve such Dispute through a non-binding mediation process agreed to by the parties. The mediator’s fees and all other administrative costs and expenses related to the mediation will be shared equally by the parties, but each party will be responsible for its own legal fees and other costs and expenses related thereto. 17. Severability. If any provision of this Agreement is held invalid or unenforceable by any court of competent jurisdiction or mediator, the other provisions of this Agreement will remain in full force and effect. 18. Relationship of the Parties. IIVS is an independent contractor of SPONSOR and not an employee, franchisee, agent, partner or joint venture of SPONSOR. It is not the intent of this Agreement to create any relationship, and IIVS shall not represent themselves IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 10 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 as an agent of SPONSOR. Neither party has the authority to bind the other party without the express written authorization of the other party. Nothing herein may be construed so as to create an employer-employee, franchisor-franchisee, agency, partnership, or joint venture relationship between the parties hereto. 19. Assignment; Subcontracting. Neither this Agreement nor the Services or SOWs hereunder may be assigned by IIVS to any other party without the prior written consent of SPONSOR. IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 11 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement to be effective as of the date first written above, on behalf of IIVS: Institute for In Vitro Sciences, Inc. 23 April 2025 Name: Joseph Hughes Title: Client Relationship Manager on behalf of CONTRACTOR: Revolution Medicines, Inc. 24-Apr-2025 Michael Flagella Name: Title: Senior Director, Head of Toxicology IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 12 CON/09122024/4812
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 EXHIBIT A FEE SCHEDULE AND INVOICING IIVS will submit invoices to SPONSOR upon completion of the Services, or upon completion of milestones defined for Services, as set forth in the Study Agreement. Payment shall be delivered within 30 days of receipt of invoice to: Sandy Felker, Accounting Manager 30 W. Watkins Mill Road, Suite 100 Gaithersburg, Maryland 20878 sfelker@iivs.org {Example Agreement } Dear : Agreement No.: The Institute for In Vitro Sciences, Inc. (IIVS) will be pleased to perform the in vitro toxicity test(s) on the Test Article(s) submitted by the Client, using the test methodology(ies) specified in this Agreement. # of Test IIVS Articles Protocol Assay Name Price (TAs) Number ASSAY TOTAL: $ TOTAL $ IIVS will conduct the studies with full documentation, including a study protocol, study notebook for recording the laboratory process and raw data, and a Final Report, describing the materials and methods, test results, analyzed data, and a copy of the protocol and any amendments or deviations from the protocol. The studies will be conducted non-GLP. Since we frequently conduct studies in full compliance with GLPs, our non-GLP studies differ from GLP studies in that the study protocol, workbook and report documents are not audited by the QAU, and no in-life phase is selected for audit by the QAU. However, the same documentation tools and practices are used in the non-GLP studies, and the same trained laboratory staff and equipment are used in the conduct of the studies. The prices quoted in this Agreement will remain firm for 60 days from the date of issue. After 60 days they are subject to approval by IIVS. IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 13 Exhibit A
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 Invoices will be submitted and due for payment in 30 days, unless otherwise specified by prior arrangement, according to the following schedule: • 100% upon completion of Draft Report if requested. • If no draft report is requested, then 100% upon completion of Final Report. If your company requires a purchase order number on invoices, please start the request process as soon as possible and forward a copy of the PO once available to clientservices@iivs.org . Thank you! IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 14 Exhibit A
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 STUDY TERMS 1.0 PREMIUM SERVICE IIVS offers two levels of service to meet our Clients’ needs: For Sponsors requiring only results from the study in the form of a report with no further technical guidance, we offer our Standard Service. For those Clients who are new to in vitro methods or may require more guidance and recommendations due to the nature of the study, we offer our Premium Service. Please note that should a Sponsor select Standard service and subsequently requires more guidance; the Premium Service will be implemented. 2.0 TEST ARTICLE SUBMISSION • Our Sample Submission Form can be downloaded from our website at https://iivs.org/laborders/ • Test Articles and the completed Sample Submission Form can be shipped to the attention of Lab Orders to the address below. • The completed Sample Submission Form can also be emailed to laborders@iivs.org. 3.0 PROTOCOLS 3.1 A Study-Specific Protocol will be provided after receipt of all test materials. Significant revisions or change requests may require a minimum $500 fee and result in delays to projected study milestones. 3.2 It is understood that the Client assumes responsibility for the completeness and advisability of the Study described in the referenced Protocol(s). 4.0 STUDY TERMINATION Studies involving test materials requiring excessive work-up prior to experimentation (e.g., extraction procedures, prolonged heating, physical manipulation and processing/formulating) may be subject to additional fees. Many assays performed at IIVS require the purchase of reconstructed tissues and/or significant resource expenditure (protocol generation, preparation of reagents, etc.). Once scheduled, these assays take considerable time and cost to reschedule when provided with short notice. As a result, IIVS reserves the right to adjust the price as detailed herein should a contracted study be terminated or postponed under the circumstances outlined below. Although we make every effort to accommodate Client’s changes and adjustments (i.e., schedule, test procedures, number of test articles), in the event that a study is terminated at the Client’s request after test articles are received at IIVS, the following charges may apply: • $500 if the study is terminated after the protocol was generated and if no supplies were purchased • 80% of the total cost of the study if the laboratory work has been initiated at the time of termination decision is communicated by the Client or 100% of the total cost of the study if all laboratory work was completed (by default, a termination report will be generated) • Up to 20% of the total cost of the study if an alternative type of assay is selected in consultation with the Client, for example in cases where the solubility or other preliminary testing determine IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 15 Exhibit A
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 that all test articles included in a study are not qualified for the assay initially intended, or $500 if some test articles do not qualify 5.0 LATE ARRIVAL OF TEST ARTICLES 5.1 In the event that test articles do not arrive by Wednesday of the week prior to testing for the scheduled assay and/or the protocol is not approved by the Client (generally by the Friday before initiation of laboratory work), the following charges will apply: • The actual cost of tissues or custom test systems ordered for the project (e.g., assays using 3D tissue models, study-specific custom cell types) • $600 for all other test systems (e.g., BCOP, 96-well assays) 5.2 Rush order (pre-approval by IIVS is required): for test articles arriving the day before assay initiation and when a protocol is approved by the Client no later than the day before assay initiation, a $250 rush fee applies. Please provide the test article shipment tracking number. 6.0 STUDY REPORTS 6.1 Draft Reports 6.1.1 If requested, a draft report will be provided. Two (2) revisions of the report are included with the Draft Report Fee. Thereafter, any requests for additional revisions will incur a minimum $500 fee and may result in additional time required to finalize reporting. 6.1.2 If Client requests a draft report, Client shall have sixty (60) days from receipt of the draft report to review the report and provide comments to IIVS. Within thirty (30) days of receipt of any Client comments, IIVS will provide Client with the final report. If no comments are received from Client within the sixty (60) days following delivery of the draft report, the draft report shall become the final report, a copy of which shall be delivered to Client. 6.1.3 Any changes requested to the report after finalization will be invoiced at the rate of $500 per report. 6.2 Final Reports 6.2.1 At the completion of the study, one electronic copy (PDF) of the report will be sent to the Client’s Representative via email. 6.2.2 Original paper raw data (protocols, lab workbooks, and reports) will be scanned and stored electronically and securely shredded within one year of the study's completion and confirmation from client for final disposition, unless otherwise specified by the client. NOTE: An additional fee of $150 is applied for the return of Raw Data. 7.0 REPEATED STUDIES 7.1 IIVS will repeat the assay at no cost to the Client for the following circumstances: • Deviations from study protocol materially affecting study results IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 16 Exhibit A
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 • Failure to meet acceptance criteria of established study controls 7.2 IIVS will present the option to have the study repeated at Client’s expense for the following circumstances: • Variability in data set due to nature of test article (e.g., incompatibility with test system, lack of bioavailability/solubility, interference with test system, excess/unexpected cytotoxicity, etc.) • Equivocal results between replicate trials • “Borderline” results as outlined in OECD guidance documentation 7.3 The fee for the repeat testing is based on the cost to conduct 1 trial of the assay per repeat. 7.4 The report completion date for repeated studies may be delayed up to 4 weeks to account for each trial repeat. If the Client agrees to the terms of the Study, please send a signed copy of this Agreement to: Joseph Hughes clientservices@iivs.org If you have any questions concerning this Agreement, please contact me at 240-454-8454. Sincerely, Joseph Hughes Client Relationship Manager ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: By: Title: Date: ACCEPTED AND AGREED TO: By: Title: Date: IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 17 Exhibit A
Docusign Envelope ID: A2B32FAD-749C-4193-B3A3-4D6FEF71FA47 EXHIBIT B STATEMENT OF WORK (SOW) IIVS Master Services Agreement (v. November 2019) 18 Exhibit B