THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF AMERICA MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT This MASTER SERVICES AGREEMENT ("Agreement") is made this 23 December 2010 ("Effective Date") by and between The Prudential Insurance Company of America ("Prudential"), with a place of business at 55 Livingston Avenue, Roseland, New Jersey 07068, and the consultant identified below ("Vendor"). Vendor Name: Regulus Group, LLC [On file with Procurement — see vendor records] Address: [See applicable Engagement Schedule] Contact: VENDOR HAS READ AND AGREES TO THE TERMS AND CONDITIONS ANNEXED HERETO. 1. Services Vendor shall, in a professional manner, provide the Services to Prudential for the fees or compensation set forth in the applicable Engagement Schedule. The Services shall mean and include, without limitation, business consulting, system consulting and analysis, application design, training, computer programming, staff supplementation, project management, technical writing and other services as described in each Engagement Schedule. 2. Proprietary Rights All Work Product specifically designed and developed for the exclusive use of Prudential at Prudential's expense, and all materials, products, reports, computer programs, documentation, deliverables and inventions conceived, developed or prepared by Vendor in performing Work Product, are Confidential Information and the exclusive property of Prudential. Vendor retains no rights to the Work Product. 3. Confidentiality / Privacy Vendor acknowledges that in the course of its engagement by Prudential, Vendor may receive or have access to confidential and proprietary information of Prudential or third parties with whom Prudential conducts business. Vendor covenants and agrees that it will keep and maintain all Confidential Information in strict confidence. Vendor shall notify Prudential within two (2) business days of learning of any Security Incident. 5. Fees and Payment Vendor shall invoice Prudential for all fees due hereunder by submitting each invoice to the address indicated in the applicable Engagement Schedule. Vendor's rates on each invoice must reflect the rates set forth in the applicable Engagement Schedule. Vendor shall present all invoices for payment to Prudential no later than sixty (60) days after the Services have been performed. Prudential shall pay all amounts not reasonably disputed within forty-five (45) days of Prudential's receipt of a correct, original invoice. 7. Indemnification SAMPLE DOCUMENT — SCENARIO 03 SCATTERED EVIDENCE TEST
Vendor shall indemnify, defend, and hold harmless Prudential and its officers, directors, employees, and agents from and against all claims, damages, losses, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys' fees) arising from any breach by Vendor of this Agreement or the negligence or willful misconduct of Vendor or its employees. 8. Independent Contractor Vendor is acting in performance of this Agreement as an independent contractor. Vendor's Employees are not employees or agents of Prudential and are not entitled to any of Prudential's employee benefits. Vendor shall not subcontract the Services, or any part thereof, without the prior written consent of Prudential. THE PRUDENTIAL INSURANCE COMPANY OF REGULUS GROUP, LLC AMERICA By: /s/ Kathleen Hamburger By: /s/ BA Connelly Name: Kathleen Hamburger Name: BA Connelly Title: CEO & President Title: Senior Vice President Date: 12/23/10 Date: 12/23/10 PRU-MSA-2010-RGL | Effective: 23 December 2010 | The Prudential Insurance Company of America | Contact details on file with Procurement SAMPLE DOCUMENT — SCENARIO 03 SCATTERED EVIDENCE TEST