Workday, Inc. MASTER SUBSCRIPTION AGREEMENT 6230 Stoneridge Mall Road, Pleasanton, CA 94588 Effective September 1, 2021 This Master Subscription Agreement ("Agreement"), effective as of September 1, 2021, is between Workday, Inc. ("Workday") and Brookfield Corporate Operations LLC ("Customer"). This Agreement is entered into in connection with the renewal of Customer's use of the Service and supersedes and replaces in its entirety the Master SaaS Subscription Agreement between the parties dated April 3, 2017, as amended (the "Prior Agreement"). Any Order Forms and Statements of Work in effect under the Prior Agreement as of the effective date of this Agreement continue in effect and are incorporated by reference hereunder, except as expressly terminated by written notice. 1. PROVISION OF THE SERVICE. Workday shall make the Service available to Customer and its Affiliates during the Term, in accordance with the Documentation and the Service Level Agreement. 2. FEES. Fees for the Service will be invoiced in accordance with the applicable Order Form. All fees are due within thirty (30) days of Customer's receipt of an invoice. 3. TERM. This Agreement commences on the Effective Date and continues for an initial term of five (5) years, renewing automatically for successive one-year terms absent 90 days' written notice of non-renewal by either party. 4. AI AND MACHINE LEARNING. Workday represents that it will not use Customer Data to train machine learning models made available to other customers without Customer's prior written consent. 5. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY. Each party's aggregate liability arising out of this Agreement shall not exceed the subscription fees paid or payable during the twelve (12) months preceding the claim, except with respect to breach of confidentiality, willful misconduct, or indemnification obligations. 6. GOVERNING LAW. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, without regard to its conflicts of laws rules. Brookfield Corporate Operations LLC: Workday, Inc.: Renee Mallen Barbara Larson Renee Mallen, Senior Vice President Barbara Larson, Chief Revenue Officer Date: September 1, 2021 Date: September 1, 2021